Very good (or at least that's why I thought when I first got it)
Let's put aside all issues about the Chromebook ecosystem. I'm not reviewing that. This review is presuming that you know and like it. I do. I needed to replace my first generation Samsung eleven inch model. It kept crashing and would not stay online. I was going to get the Toshiba 2 (the screen is gorgeous) but really wanted a smaller screen. Not finding any great reviews for any 11.6" or 12" Chromebook and seeing this was new and an unbeatable price of $199 for the 4 gb model, I jumped on it. Here's my thoughts:The dark blue unit looks almost like an old fashioned notebook. It's small and feels good in the hand and lap. It's a good overall design. There are no sharp edges, which is especially nice on the hands when typing. The touch pad is responsive and smooth. I've noticed a minor issue, which is that if you leave two fingers on the touchpad when done scrolling, there is occasional tiny shake in the screen that stops the minute I remove one finger.Connectivity is superb. It connects fast and stays connected. Pages load fast. Videos on YouTube load and play immediately upon opening a tab. I am quite impressed with the speed. So far, I've not experienced any lag time while typing, which is fantastic. I type about 75wpm and without really good connectivity and speed, lag time has been an issue for me. With this machine, it's not. However, this brings me to the only gripe I have, which is the keyboard. I'm not thrilled with it. The travel is deep and not that responsive. It's slowing down my typing. The keys feel hollow and cheap. I am surprised because others have reviewed this model saying that they really love the keyboard. It's almost a deal killer for me. But, frankly,  I've not found any other low priced model that doesn't have keys like these. My husband has the Toshiba 2 and the keys are only marginally better.The screen is glossy, but the viewing angles are surprisingly good and there isn't much glare. Granted, I was using the Samsung, which had a horribly washed out matte screen. This one is to my liking. The whites aren't truly white, but the colors look good and bright enough. Putting it side-by-side with my husband's Toshiba, which has a gorgeous IPS screen, the colors are quite close, though (of course), the resolution isn't as high. For an everyday Chromebook that I use mostly for email, social media, and writing in Google Docs, the screen is perfect for me. It is certainly better than my Samsung. The blues and reds look bright again!Bottom line: The keyboard is not to my liking. That occasional screen shake isn't wonderful. But, this unit is very fast and I paid $199 for it. I'm on eight hours plus on one charge. For the price, I'm thrilled. If I had money to throw around, I'd be singing the praises of a MacBook, sure, but I don't, and at this price, it is a very nice machine that holds up to today's Web and working in the cloud.UPDATE 10/16/15: I've had this machine now for just about five months and it's now barely working. The screen freezes and then turns black every ten minutes (or less). A year ago, I was singing the praises of Chromebooks to everyone. When I had to purchase a new one after a year, one friend suggested that if that's how long they lasted I might as well buy a Mac. At (now less than) $200, I wasn't so sure. But, now I've got a nearly useless machine and am indeed looking at buying a Mac. As they say, you get what you pay for. I left the original review for your amusement (or my embarrassment?) - I should have returned it immediately when I saw it had a small screen shake. That's gone now and in its wake is what I've explained above. This machine is a lemon. Others have the same problem. Stay away!