Worst Computer I Have Ever Had.  TOTAL RIPOFF!
This is the worst computer I have ever bought.  STAY AWAY!!! The reviews in Ars Technica and what not are totally misleading.  Here has been my experience.  I purchased mine from Dell.  i5, 8 gigs of RAM with and SSD.  The FIRST (yeah, there have been two now) that they sent was broken right out of the package.  When the power cable was plugged in the screen would constantly go from normal to a pinkish hue then back to normal then to the pinkish hue.  Non-stop.  Then, it would take almost a MINUTE to boot.  This is supposed to be an SSD.  What gives!?  I called Dell, spent 3 hours on the phone with a rep who was friendly, but basically did everything I had already done all over again and totally wasted my time.  In the end they shipped me a new laptop and tried to say it was a problem with my Windows 8.1 install.  Hahaha, ok.THEN, the second laptop shows up and I package my first and send it back.  THE SECOND HAD MORE PROBLEMS THEN THE FIRST, AND THE SAME SCREEN ISSUE!!!!!  I repeat, the screen still could not maintain a constant color.  To get two laptops with this same problem means I'm either the unluckiest customer in the world, or many of these 5 star reviews are highly suspicious.  But wait, that's not all.  The track pad also did not work, but it at least booted up correctly.  So now I have a computer that cost more than 1000$ that doesn't have a working screen, doesn't have a working track pad...but wait, THERE'S MORE!  When I tried to use wireless with the laptop it is just total garbage.  Slower than my 6 year old dell that has some crappy Belkin wireless adapter running Ubuntu.  What a joke.  But wait, THERE'S MORE!  Then, after three months THE KEYBOARD STOPPED WORKING!!!!  Yeah, so now I have some hunk of expensive junk that is basically Frankenstein's monster at this point since I can't use the display, can't use the keyboard, and can't use the mouse pad.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!  IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!  I have had Dell's for over a decade but after this experience I will never ever again buy a Dell product.  The customer support the second time round was less than no help, they were rude and seemed to just try to be getting me passed the 30 day mark of returning the computer (Stupidly, I did not get the warranty since I had never had problems with Dells before).  I BEG YOU NOT TO BUY THIS!  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DON'T GIVE DELL MONEY FOR THIS AWFUL HARDWARE!!!  I cannot even begin to put into words how angry I am as a student with almost no money that needed something to write code on and run Unreal Engine to have got this laptop they market as a developers computer only to have all these issues go wrong.  Never again Dell, never again.  You have lost a customer for life and I will make sure to let everyone know about this terrible experience.