Don't bother.
I'm very sorry that I bought this laptop.  Despite the description of a cool fan-less design, this laptop runs very, very hot.  Too hot to touch. Display is so, so.  Acceptable, but not great.  Speed is okay, but not stellar.  After an hour, the touchpad isn't responding well.  I assume that it's heat related.  I plan to do my best to return it.Despite registering my product on the Asus site and filling out the tech support form completely, I constantly get "Cannot be empty!".  Ok, what cannot be empty?  Sigh.15 May 2015 - After some reflection this may have been a little harsh.  Here's some updates:* Heat Issue - I always turn off the windows updates and then enable a "Check, but let me choose when and where" option because I sometimes surf on a mobile hotspot and don't want Microsoft updating their software on my dime.  Windows still hasn't added reasonable network data usage rules to mitigate this. I suspect this was the cause of the overheating because the Windows default kernel didn't allow for CPU scaling (or similar).  Be sure to do a windows update before you do anything.  If you do gaming or other cpu intensive work, forget about it.* Price Point - For the price point, it's probably/maybe a reasonable deal for an average user.  I was definitely not happy with the screen quality because I do photography.  For just basic use, it's probably fine.  The SSD was definitely faster (than a HDD), but not blazingly fast.as I was expecting something similar to my HP ultrabook with SSD.* As I final comment, my experience just seems standard for Windows laptops as the manufacturors have been in race to the bottom to compensate for Windows OS (v. Apple) with a lower price point.  I was planning to dual boot this laptop with linux, but I think I'll just suck it up and move to Apple with their retina displays and better hardware.  (For the record, I'm not a huge fan of Apple, but given rotten support of multiple major players, I no longer see a viable option).