Decent TV, disappointing customer service
I purchased this TV after reading good reviews of it in several places.  After having been burned on a Samsung TV in the past, I specifically purchased a Square Trade warranty to protect myself.  The TV arrived, was a decent TV, nothing too special but good for my needs.  After less than 6 months the TV started having very strange issues: power cycling, being unresponsive to the remote, volume icon suddenly showing up, taking several minutes to boot up.  I contacted VIZIO customer service and was walked through a couple of troubleshooting steps neither of which resolved the issue.  Clearly this is just a fluke defective product.  Both customer service techs I spoke with were very helpful, understanding, and kind.  However, after it became clear that the product was defective, I requested a replacement because I've had it for less than 6 months. Contacting Square Trade for a replacement sent me back to VIZIO because it's still covered by the manufacturer's warranty.  The manufacturer's warranty says that they have to repair it, not replace.  I went through several channels with VIZIO asking them to please replace the TV because repairing it is a waste of time and I'd rather not be saddled with a lemon for the life of the product.  Upper level VIZIO customer service was pathetic.  I was given only stock answers as VIZIO was clearly too busy to take the time to evaluate my reasonable request for a replacement and unwilling to expend any energy to assist me. So now VIZIO is wasting my time and theirs because I have to take a day off work to wait for a repair technician to come and fix a TV which shouldn't have had issues to begin with.  A much better solution would be for me to return the TV to them, have them send me a new on and they can repair this lemon on their own time since it was a fluke manufacturing issue on their part.  While I wait the 3 days for a repair technician to call me to schedule an appointment within 5-6 days I still don't have a working TV.TL; DR: Ok TV, useless upper level management.