Do Not Purchase This TV if you Plan to use a WiFI Connection
Many thanks to E.J. and his review that explained the problem I was experiencing - Not with one - but two different E43-C2 TV's. I purchased the first one a few days ago, and experienced the same problem E.J. described: Once I set up the WiFi connection on the TV, it became unresponsive when any other WiFi-connected devices were being used in the house (which is almost always). The TV functions froze and the remote would not work.I called Vizio customer Service and the person I spoke to had no idea what the problem was. He recommended that I email them a picture of my receipt so they could verify the warrantee coverage and send out a repair person in 5 to 6 business days. Excuse me, but this is a brand new television! I decided to return the set to Amazon and try one more. Amazon, as always, was extremely responsive and prompt with the exchange and I had another set in just two days.But guess what? No sooner did I set up the TV, I started experiencing the exact same problem as the other set. It was at that point I decided to look up some of the one-star reviews for this TV on Amazon and sure enough, there was the answer. It was the network connection. I tested this by performing a factory reset on the TV before it became unresponsive again. This disabled the WiFi connection. When I turned on the TV this time, I skipped the WiFi connection set up, and the TV and remote worked perfectly fine. I even tried testing the wired connection by connecting an Ethernet cable directly to the TV thinking maybe the problem was isolated to the WiFi circuitry, but no, the exact same thing happened as soon as I connected the Ethernet cable. Both the TV and remote became unresponsive until I disconnected the Ethernet cable.Clearly, this is a design flaw with the TV, not a manufacturer's defect, which means you will most likely experience the same problem under the same conditions if you purchase one as well. Very disappointing, as every other aspect of the TV was quite good. Needless to say I will be returning this set and not purchase another Visio model, since E.J. pointed out that this problem affects other models as well. I'm not going to chance a third disappointment. I will most likely go with a Panasonic or Samsung, as I have never had any problems with those brands.