Best laptop on the market? Maybe Not.
As of September 2015, the market for the perfect all around laptop is sparse. The most common recommendation you find among consumers is the macbook air.  While the macbook air has had its own time reigning over the laptop market as king, that crown has been stripped over the years. Its yearly incremental upgrades, price, and underwhelming screen has left people wondering when a true update will happen to the macbook air line? Along with the release of Windows 10, now is the prime time to try out a windows based laptop. Is the Asus Zenbook UX305LA (horrid product naming) the successor of the kingdom, or does it fall short of high expectations?Price: In terms of price alone this is miles better than the macbook air has to offer. As of September 29, 2015 the Asus Zenbook UX305LA is selling for the reasonable price of 749.99! Considering the base specs of these are compared to 1,199.00 for a new macbook air 13 inch.Hardware: The hardware is actually quite excellent. Nice aluminium build. While the laptop is said to be gold colored it is more of a silver/bronze color, which in my opinion is much better looking than a tacky gold finish. Ports galore are found in this ultrabook; sd card reader, 3 USB ports, micro HDMI port, 3.5 mm headphone jack, and of course a battery port for the charger. The keyboard is... good. Very nice and good feeling key travel. No obvious flex in the typing experience. It is full featured minus a dedicated number pad which is expected in a 13 inch form factor. A major con for the keyboard is definitely the lack of back light. The trackpad is also good. Very responsive and clicky. If you do not a clicky trackpad this is not for you. I am in a small group that loves a satisfying click.Screen: The display for the UX305LA is miles better than the macbook air's screen. However, let it be known some tweaking should be done in the settings. Calibration was a little off but after a few seconds in the settings it looks outstanding. Matte display that is great for outdoors and extreme lighting. Right above the display is the webcam. It is a webcam, I did not expect to much out of it (4K, 60 fps, studio quality mic.) or anything as great showing. It does 720p video suitable for Skype and Google Hangouts.Software: This is very important. If you are heavily reliant on the apple ecosystem, then I will not recommend this laptop for you. Windows 10 is the operating system. While Apple has allowed iCloud to be accessed online and iTunes gets a refresh here and there, Apple has no support for the Windows software. I am a big fan of 10 and have found most programs I've been using for years work just as good and perhaps even better than they did in previous iterations. My complaint comes not on Microsoft's part but ASUS. ASUS has allowed a massive amount of "crapware" on this laptop. Pre-installing software like Mcafee, dropbox, evernote, and some others. My first hour was spent on uninstalling these programs.Performance: With an intel i5, 8gb memory, and 256gb of storage this thing flies! Basic tasks like word processing, web browsing, and watching videos is done in a snap thanks to its ssd. Now as for harder tasks this performs a lot better than I expected. First I did some intensive tasks like video and photo editing which got a little warm but outstanding coming from such a thin device. Next I began to do a little bit of gaming. Downloaded Steam, then proceeded to play games like half-life 2 episode 2, the wolf among us, and to my surprise payday 2. All doing a solid 30-60 fps. Of course turning down the settings a bit helps, but definitely impressed with what the little guy can muster.Battery Life: Battery life is.... GREAT! Yes this laptop suffers quite a bit with me from day to day tasks. Yet, I rarely am looking for a charger by the middle of the day. Near the end I am a little concerned but thanks to windows 10 power saving mode it always makes it. My days start at 10 A.M. to ( P.M. So the 12 hour battery life claim is close. Then again, I am using the thing pretty hard most of the day. In the end I give it 2 thumbs up.Conclusion: Is this the macbook air killer? No. The only killer to the macbook air would be it's successor for the next generation. (And no the macbook 2015 is not it either, an under powered and overpriced facebook browser). The Asus UX305LA is however, a mighty competitor. If it weren't for the lack of keyboard back light or the preinstalled crapware, I would say this is the new king of the laptop market. Nevertheless, the UX305LA is in my honest opinion a better overall value and choce when compared to the macbook air and I am happy to say this is my new daily laptop. 5 out 5 stars ASUS, well done.Update: 10/29/2015My review has been updated. Still performs great... when you're not online. Seriously disappointed in the issues I'm having. As some have posted in their reviews, WiFi is very spotty. I do not have the pleasure of always using Ethernet but most likely on the convenience of WiFi.(I'm a student always on the go) The fact that my $250 smartphone is more reliable than my laptop is flat out awful. If I'm paying a hefty price for such a laptop I expect something as simple as a WiFi reciever to work well, not even good. Keep this in mind when purchasing this laptop. Bad WiFi receiver is a definite deterant and I am going to look into returning this product. (I am writing this review on my phone because the laptop's wifi reciever is not working AGAIN) Thought ASUS really did make a "no compromise" ultrabook priced competitively... Unfortunately I thought wrong.