DON'T BUY THIS LAPTOP.
I've included a review of ASUS's tech support, as when you buy a laptop, you also buy it's warranty and the support you'll receive if and when any issue will happen. Unfortunately, with this model - issues pop up often:I've bought this laptop 6 months ago. At first I was divided about the pc's quality - lackluster performance, even worse than cheaper laptops bought 4 years ago, but the good battery life and the weight somewhat made up for that. A month ago, the laptop stopped working - it just didn't boot. Then the nightmare began - I called customer service, and after a while someone picked up only to ask for my contact information, saying that I will be called back shortly after. Of course no one called back, and I had to call again. This time I got support, and was asked to open a tech support ticket myself (!!) on the ASUS website, and so I did. The laptop was picked up by their delivery service 2 days later IIRC, much worse than the competition. After more than a week, the computer was returned, complete with a description of the fix applied:1. the firmware was updated2. the computer was formattedNow the question is: why was 2 even necessary, when the problem was with the firmware? The computer didn't even start, how can any user installed software/OS be the problem? So again I had to waste my time and reinstall everything.Fast forward to today, a month after having the laptop fixed by ASUS. The exact same issue happened again, and again - the customer service is barely lifting a finger to help. Again, I didn't get to an actual representative on the first call. This time, instead of waiting, I just called again straight after. To my surprise, I got a representative! But, again, ASUS can't do anything right, and the call dropped. I called again and got a nice representative, who tried to help. But he too wasn't without his faults - when I told him I'd like to receive my money back or a new laptop that won't break down every few months, he responded that a new laptop isn't necessary because "firmware problems are software problems, so the hardware doesn't need to be replaced", or something along those lines. The problem is, he forgot that the firmware is an integral part of the computer model. If this is caused by firmware, it should happen to any UX305FA, and that is exactly why I don't want this model. When I asked to talk to his boss, he told me that the boss will call me in 48 hours. It's nice to know that not only does ASUS produce laptops that don't work, their support services bosses don't too.Conclusion - if you want to spend your money on a slow laptop that will stop working every few months, and receive bad and slow support, this is the laptop for you. If you're looking for a computer for your employees, it will surely do wonders for their productivity, just as it has done for me. As for me, I won't buy anything by ASUS again, and hopefully will get rid of this laptop soon.