Never buy ANYTHING with ASUS Brand any more.- UPDATED and EVEN WORSE!....
Well to start with... I positively think that the negative reviews of ALL folks who did not know what they were buying need to be removed. If you are buying a Chromebook and you do not have a constant WiFi connection, you should not be rating this product with "One star". Again, if you ordered it by mistake or if it did not meet your needs, you should not be rating low.However, I think I have a VERY LEGITIMATE reason to rate this product with "ZERO STAR".What is your expectation from a Chromebook? It is simplicity and reliability, right? Bye-bye to all complications caused by Windows (Which is, of course, a great OS for computer-savvy folks but a pain for people like elderly, et al), Always works, OS updates causing no problems, bye-bye to viruses... Great... Right?Well, sorry but NO!... And a big, big NO!...This device worked good for a month. Then, it started to display Chrome logo screen, then blank for a few seconds. Over and over again. Talked to the support folks, tried to reset the device, no solution.True, they sent me an RMA and I will ship the product back to them to get serviced, but that is not the point. This device is BADLY engineered and is FAULTY. Whatever you do to fix / reset / reload will NOT (I guarantee, again, will NOT) solve the problem at the root cause. Of course, Amazon will refuse return as it has been more than 30 days.Another point; At least, with a Windows computer, you can DO something. On the worst case, you can go ahead and install Linux to continue using it. With this piece of junk, you cannot do ANYTHING if you face such a problem.When combined with my 2012 ASUS Nexus touch screen failing with absolutely no physical damage, I will make sure no one I know will EVER buy ANYTHING with ASUS brand any more.Just FYI; This is my 31st year in Information Technology industry and I really think that I know what I am stating.UPDATE: This device did this again twice after this review. Approximately every 3 weeks. This product should have NEVER been on the market. ASUS was a brand that I trusted for years. Not any more. Sorry.