Nothing but constant issues... Especially after the last update.
I was planning on going all Google but to do that I needed a way to watch Google movies on the HDTV. Enter Google TV and the Hisense Pulse with the Google Movies app which Google keeps locked in their walled garden by not making the app for the Roku or any other streamer. The company that pushes open is quite closed here. Hopefully one day they will understand that "Content is King".So, I bought the Pulse and was all excited when it arrived... that didn't last long.The remote is very "clunky" and just down right odd to use. Press a button and sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. But hey, I can watch movies I buy in HD from Google Movies so everything is good right? Not so fast.Google Movies is lacking in the purchasing department. Virtually every movie I want is only a rental these days so that pretty much makes buying a library with Google DOA. That's OK though... I have Netflix and Hisense kept promising an Amazon app and Vudu (Vudu was listed on the back of the box but was not compatible... can we say False Advertising?).Months go by and finally an update arrives. I can now install the Amazon app and the Vudu app so everything is good now? Nope, worse.Since this last update all I can do is listen to my music through the Google Music app.The movie apps all crash or the picture phases out or just watching any of them leads to the device locking up and giving me a black screen. The only thing to do then is unplug it and then replug it in because it can't even be restarted otherwise. If you look on the Google TV community on G+ you'll find many of us in the same boat. The update pretty much destroyed what was left of an already poor experience to begin with.I tried to uninstall apps, re-install apps, reset, reboot... you name it... the thing is just all around bad.I'm now buying my HD movies through Amazon and using my 2 Roku 2's which I've never had any issues with. I'll probably buy the Roku 3 or hold off and check out the rumored Amazon Kindle Streamer when it is released. I really wanted Google TV to succeed and I tried to support it but the experience is just the worst one out there. I wouldn't hold my breath for another update either. I use everything Google so coming to grips with the fact that Google TV is just not good is hard to do but I've seen it with my own eyes and experienced it now. The Pulse is the one tech item over the last year that I most regret buying.