Don't waste your money ... poor quality and impossible service
First off, I love GTV and I already have 2 of the Sony Google TV units that I really like.  I prefer GTV to Roky primarily because I have a large library of movies I purchased for my Android tablet, that are instantly accessible from GTV, but cannot be seen on Roku.  I also like the fact that GTV is a full blown android OS, which allows me to load apps (weather, RSS feeds, facebook, media from my home media server, etc.)  But, when I was looking to add a third and maybe fourth GTV device, the cost of the Sony was $200 which is a lot for what is essentially a streaming media player and universal remote combined.  I was very tempted to go back to Roku and forego my extensive collection from Google Play .. but then I saw this interesting product from Hisense so I decided to give it a try.I had a few serious problems setting up the device. The instructions are terrible, and wrong in a couple of key points as some other reviewers have noted.  I did eventually get it working (my problem was the remote, which needed to be manually paired using the procedure described in another review - sorry, I don't even remember how I did it or I would tell here!).  After setting up, it automatically updated itself and everything seemed fantastic.  For a few short weeks, it scored higher on my rating list than Sony!  Versus the Sony, I liked the Hisense remote (which like Sony is Bluetooth, but I find the Hisense remote slightly easier to hold and use), and I really liked that I could interface a bluetooth keyboard and mouse which for some reason is not enabled on the Sony GTV offering (helpful for web browsing).  The built in wifi worked very well, and I was able to stream HD movies from Amazon with ease.  The only slight annoyance for Amazon is that you have to use the web browser to access Amazon.com, log in, and go to your movie library from the web .. then, Amazon's flash based player (which seems to work really well on this device) takes over and you can watch your movies.  No skipping, high quality playback.  All was good.  For 4 weeks.Then after 4 weeks, as others have noted, I started to experience the apparent harbinger of doom: the system froze up a couple of times, requiring a power unplug to reset.  Finally, 3 days ago (5 weeks after I first plugged it in), it froze and would not restart.  Power off and on and the system startup screen would flash on and off about 30 times and then it would go blank.Unfortunately, Hisense has no customer support.  You can submit a web-form question, but as far as I can tell it doesn't go to anyone.  I am still awaiting a reply to my support question submitted 5 weeks ago regarding the remote!  I just ordered another Sony GTV box and will chalk this up to the mantra that you get what you pay for.