Seems great until you actually want to use it
This computer is truly a bummer. I'm very surprised by how positive the reviews are. On paper, this thing is a beast. I've had higher end Asus laptops before and it worked out well. The year of accidental damage coverage is great and they are sleek looking machines. However, I have three main complaints that lead me to believe this product is just crap in general and not just a case of me getting an individual dud.1.) The screen. As other people mention, it kind of sucks. Certain things look worse than others, so it might be a driver thing, but maybe that's something Asus should have optimized before shipping the thing. I can't quite articulate the way in which the screen sucks, but it just doesn't feel good. I don't require a retina screen every time I'm reading an email, but I would appreciate the millions of pixels in front of me not looking half bad on a laptop of this price.2.) The touchpad. Oh the touchpad. Maybe it's the Macbook-like appearance that lures you into high expectations of quality and ease of use. Not today. Go get your external mouse before you get too pissed off to even notice the fan on this thing.3.) The fan. Again, maybe a driver thing, but that's not an excuse. Often times, under light use, it will annoyingly click off and on over and over for just a few seconds each time. I get that fans are a normal part of an operating laptop, but this thing just seems drunk.Now you might ask, "if this thing sucks so bad, why did you not take advantage of your 30-day return window granted to you by the Amazon gods?" And to that I answer, "my bad." I lazily let it pass without notice and on the 31st day, I realized the error of my ways. Further embittered by my potentially permanent ownership of this utter disappointment, I write to you now from the very source of my contempt. Do not purchase this thing.And Asus, if you're out there, know this. My sanity can still be saved by your intervention. Seriously this thing sucks and you can fix that.