Can't connect to wifi, keyboard key already sticking, and display adapter crashing
Please go take this to a coffee shop or other public place with free wifi and test it before the return period is up.I am on my second unit, same problem. I can connect to my main wifi account at home, but not my guest account, and I cannot connect to public wifi connections (they all have the little exclamation point by them). In public now - my phone and older dell laptop are connected to the free wifi with no issues. This zenbook will not connect. I've talked with Asus and Microsoft Windows support. Neither have been able to resolve the issue.I wanted to love this laptop. But not being able to connect to public wifi connections renders it nearly useless. And I am very concerned about Asus's support capabilities. Spent two hours speaking with them and their only resolution was to call me in 48 hours to see if they could find a resolution. We will see - I have yet to hear back.Two of the exact same laptops with the same issue. Hours of wasted time troubleshooting this week. For $699 I should be able to do something as simple as connect to wifi.EDIT: This thing still will not connect to my coffee shop's wifi and all support can tell me is that they must have outdated routers. My old dell and phone have no problem connecting there. After some tweaking, I can now connect to my home guest account and my school accounts, but if I can't connect everywhere - what is the point of a portable computer? If I go to the indoor playland so my son can play while I tackle some homework, I have to use my phone for internet access and be sure that everything I need on my laptop is on it before I leave, since I can't get online.Also, my screen is going black pretty frequently and I get a message that says: "Display adapter stopped working but recovered." It is very annoying and happening more and more. And now the "d" key on the keyboard sticks. Badly. And this is a brand new machine - I am very concerned about this happening more over time. ASUS support seems to be pretty ineffective. I will be returning this, unfortunately. I know a lot of people are raving about this laptop, but I can get more use out of my old dell, and that is not saying much. Perhaps mine is a lemon? I don't know. But I won't be buying another of this same model.