From one stranger on the internet to another... BEWARE
In early 2015, I decided I needed a new laptop, since I was still working on a 2008 Macbook (not pro, just a macbook).  This being said, I figured ANYTHING would be an upgrade to my past machine. The Lenovo Yoga 2 blatantly disproved this theory immediately.**DISCLAIMER: I have only 20gb of information stored on this computer.  That is just 4% of this machine's alleged capacity and sh*t is already hitting the fan.  I opted for this machine specifically because I have about 100 gb of music and movies I have collected over the years, and I wanted to transfer my library to a new machine before my old one crapped out.  I have since abandoned that idea seeing how much 20GB has slowed this baby down.  Another reason I opted to buy this computer is since my job provides me with a macbook pro, I figured I would spend maybe 3-5 hours tops a week on this new machine so I didn't want to spend more than $600.PROS:Lightweight, and very portable. Fits in some of my purses even.Ample USB portsCONS:Not sure where to start- the horrible battery life, the display that is INCREDIBLY slow to wake up, the fact that I inexplicably have to retype my password 3 times on most login attempts because the cursor jumps around (this is a problem when using other apps too).  The computer forces me to restart and update (literally will make you stop what you're doing to restart) once a week, which takes about half an hour, which means 15% of the time I spend on this computer is waiting for it to update, and to seemingly no avail.  The keys are too low to the keyboard, a lot of strokes don't register, and typos are frequent.  Apps often open and close for no reason (one of the most annoying traits I can't seem to fix).  The touch screen is a little finicky. Styluses are not formatted to work in illustrator and photoshop, which could be a huge tool for the touch screen. The display is dim (when both this and my mac are on brightest mode next to eachother, there is no comparison), low resolution, and has an annoying amount of glare, especially when in tablet mode.  I was surprised how little it took for the programs to crash and stop responding, I am talking sometimes having 4 jpegs open will cause a crash.  I made the mistake of wasting a perfectly good photoshop, Illustrator, and Indesign serial number on this machine, but forget about having illustrator and photoshop open at once.It's not just the hardware and the software, but browsing is also somehow worse.  For example, if I am streaming a video, using the same browser, on the same wifi connection, the mac will ALWAYS load at least 25% faster.Having used a mac for the last 7 years, I thought ctrl+alt+delete was for sure a thing of the past, but honestly if I had $1 for every time I have had to pull this maneuver in the last 6 months over half of this machine would be paid for.It's hard to pinpoint why this computer sucks, but after using it for 6 months (I wanted to wait to provide an informed review), I wanted to share my qualms for other buyers. Sadly, I find myself back on my 2008 white macbook for many simple tasks because trying to carry them out on the Yoga is too frustrating.