Average, at best, computer. Terrible manufacturer support.
When you buy an $800+ laptop there are a few things you expect. Being able to use it has to rank right at the top. Since Lenovo has ensured that I write this review on my phone, I would have to say that they've failed at that all-important task. Maybe moderate use and a lifespan that exceeds the credit card payments is too much to ask of a laptop, but since I have enjoyed multiple years of service from ~$200 Acers, I would hope Lenovo could at least match that. This appears to be too much for Lenovo.In general, this is a disappointing machine. It is slow, and it seems to get overwhelmed by very little. For as much RAM as it has and the processor, it seems like it should freeze a lot less(like none% of the time) when running Office, editing pdf's, browsing the internet, etc. Also, I would hope that my battery and keyboard would work properly for well over a third of a year...but again that appears to be too much to ask. So, I had to ship my computer back to get it fixed.Beyond the annoyance of having to ship back a relatively brand-new laptop for repair, Lenovo worked hard to ensure that my experience was exceedingly unpleasant. The tech support person inexplicably gave me a new name (and a new gender to boot). Instead of creating the ticket using my information from the previous ticket, he gave me the name "April". I corrected it on the form that went back with my package and on the shipping label, but Lenovo seems dead set on calling me April. That is not too big of a deal. It is a pretty name, and I have definitely been called worse, but their paternal instincts extended beyond me to the machine they are shipping back. To keep little baby Flex3 safe from strangers, Lenovo shipped it FedEx, signature required. They want to be sure that April is the only one who gets her hands on the computer. Lenovo gets the due diligence scout badge but they will have to try again at the get-the-computer-to-the-person-who-actually-exists-and-owns-it badge. Due to the fact that FedEx drops by whenever they darn well please (and I have yet to get the much sought after Get-paid-while-you-sit-around-and-wait-on-FedEx-to-show-up-when-they-darn-well-please position) I missed the dropoff. I could have them leave it at a FedEx location...but then there is that pesky fact that Lenovo shipped it to an imaginary person and I don't have a photo ID for people who only exist in the mind of Lenovo tech support.So now, I am two weeks without a computer, in the middle of an online semester. The reason I went ahead and got a computer that was more than my first car was because I thought it would last for, at the very least, 5 months...maybe even 6. The fact that 10% of the time i have owned this device it has been useless to me, due either to poor craftmanship or poor customer service, is ridiculous. The fact that i have contacted multiple divisions of Lenovo and noone cares, makes it even worse.I would, do, and will encourage anyone considering this device to consider how average it is. I would, do, and will encourage anyone considering a Lenovo in general to consider how poor their customer service has been.