It didn't work well, but that's not the only reason for the 2 star rating
I purchased this computer because I was looking for a great laptop for around $900. Out of the box it worked fine, but after three days, it wouldn't boot up unless you tried a bunch of startup tricks like holding down the power button for a minute. These tricks worked for another week, but then after that, it was completely toasted. It wouldn't boot up at all. I was actually fortunate that this problem occurred so soon so I could receive a proper refund on it within the 30-day Amazon refund period.Now if that's where my experience ended, I wouldn't be writing this review, but there's a little more. I called up ASUS customer support and I was directed to a clueless person on customer support. I told her the model of my laptop and the exact problem I was experiencing, and all she said was said "oh, that's probably not good" in the unenthusiastic voice of a girlfriend who is sick of you forgetting to take out the trash, and she recommended I return it. I asked her if there are any tricks I can perform to possibly boot up the laptop, since I really needed it to work for a school assignment, and she said "I don't know" and left it at that. I hung up and called back to receive a male who had the same general attitude. I was at least hoping for them to exercise some options like "have you tried making sure the power is turned on" and "have you tried holding down the power button," but they couldn't be bothered.In the two or three weeks that I owned the laptop, I tried it out performance-wise and it was really okay. But after I returned the laptop, I went out and purchased a Lenovo Y40-80 Laptop for a better price, and it outperforms this ASUS in every way imaginable. The specs are better, the machine is more durable, it is faster at handling processes and video games, the screen is better, the touchpad works better, and the audio quality is great. I don't think I'll ever buy another ASUS again, or at least I don't see why I would.So to summarize:* Unhelpful customer experience* Not the best machine for the price point* Issues with it from week one, which made the other two problems worse