Great idea, Qaulity controls issues. Cheaper is not always better!
This computer showed great promise from the moment I ordered. I saw the specs on the computer included the 8gb of ram and the 256 ssd sitting on the low power consuming and fanless Core M processor, with an all metal design and I was sold like most! I seldom leave a negative review of a product, but with this one I just cannot with hold my frustration. I purchased two of these computers, and sadly both of them have shown quality and workmanship errors within the first week of use. The first computer of the two suffered from the clunking touch pad which some other buyers have complained about. Another Amazon reviewer also had the same problem and it also can be found on You Tube. Also everyone that has this computer should check for a small gap between the monitor and the thin aluminum strip that lines the bottom of the display. This thin aluminum strip was defective on computers and the adhesive could be heard attaching and separating from the display if you tried to press it back on. On one of the computers you could see some lights coming from between the crack if viewed from the top down angle. Also on the second unit that I purchased the left shift key was defective and ended up becoming stuck in the depressed position. It would unhinge itself on occasion but even then when typing the button would be very crunchy and still become stuck most of the time. The touch pad on the second unit also suffers from a very stiff and springy popping noise when pressed. There are no springs in the touch pad but that is they best way to describe it. The touch pad on this computer is VERY, very cheap! Also on the second unit freezing errors kept occurring and the computer would become unresponsive from time to time, even after installing all windows updates. I might be expecting too much from a $699 ultra book but this is unacceptable. This computer is very inexpensive and offers a premium look and feel; but all in all, take the build quality coupled with the cheap touch pad and it is obvious this is a budget and poorly built machine in MY experience. I may have gotten two lemons, and I hope that is the case for everyones sake! This computer shows great promise. Overall this could be a great product but cheaper is not always better in this case!