Not What We Purchased!!!
My wife is exceedingly happy with the product it is fast intuitive (more so than the programmers who designed it). Everything worked as advertised except the setup. The online instructions for transferring data and apps from her old Ipad (yes, this is not her first) were pretty simple and basic using the cloud or ITunes. That is until we discovered that the new ipad air had an older operating system than the old one and they weren't compatible. Not a thing would transfer!!!! That meant setting the Ipad Air up as a new ipad and manually transferring apps and data. Now, guess what the first thing the Ipad Air did once it was setup and operable. You guessed it, it updated itself to the version of the operating system on my wife's old one!!! Would it not make sense, since they will sit on a distribution shelf until sold, to program them to update the IOS first then setup. That would have saved us a lot of time and frustration. Except for this we would have rated this product five stars. After almost a month of use my wife is still happy with the apple product, we are not so happy with the seller and Amazon. We had a problem with the unit "freezing" during an update install, which we understand is easily repairable and not uncommon. We took the unit in to an Apple Store to have it "unfrozen". They immediately told us the unit was used and had been in an Apple Store previously for repairs. This is NOT what we purchased, it is not "Brand New Factory Sealed". The Apple Representative told us that "at best it is Factory Refurbished". After checking Amazon's return policy I found they would refund my money (not replace the product which I can understand) after they receive the unit, which means that I am stuck with the return freight. I thought, well, I will contact the actual seller, Wrong again!!! Except for being able to receive a duplicate invoice or thanking them for being able to do business with them it is CONTACT AMAZON!! Guess what, still stuck with the return freight for something that is not my fault (it is either vendor mistake or vendor misrepresentation) and I will have to purchase a new unit and set it up all over again.  This really doesn't seem like the best way win friends and influence customers