Bad Remote and Limited Selection of Apps
I was initially excited about the Pulse Google TV because it was new and I had exploring to do. I wanted to stream Amazon Prime instant videos and was shocked to see there was no Amazon video application. I had to watch Amazon through the Chrome web browser, which was not convenient on a television across the room. I decided to watch Netflix and it did not work - it just froze. I could not get Netflix to work until I did a factory reset of the unit and started over. I continued to be disappointed by the limited selection of applications when I looked for Gmail. Again, no app and I needed to use Chrome.I did not use my Google TV for about a month because I was fairly disappointed. When I decided to use it the batteries in the remote were dead. I replaced the batteries with name brand batteries and the unit powered on. I used the unit a bit and was still disappointed so I turned it off and it sat a for a couple more months. When I went to use it again, the batteries in the room seemed to be dead again. I opened the battery door cover and the batteries had leaked. I cleaned this mess and replaced with new batteries. The remote worked, but I was still disappointed with the fact there still was no Amazon Video application. About a week or two later I decided to test the remote to see if it worked, but it did not. That was when I gave up and I am considering the Pulse Google TV a total waste of money. I did inquire about a refund through Amazon, but it was not an option soon after buying the unit.Even if I did not have constant remote control problems, I would still give the Pulse Google TV a "don't buy" recommendation unless you have used a Google TV somewhere else and you like the platform. I am a major Google and Android fan, so it was not easy to be so displeased with this platform. Maybe Google TV will mature and someday become something truly awesome, but it is definitely not there yet. An Xbox 360 has turned out to be a much better option because it works much better and it has an Amazon Video application.