Wish It Just Worked (Without Crashing So Much) And A Comparison With Other Devices
I'm not happy with this tablet but I got a good deal on it from one of the retail stores, $100 off, and it fits my needs best compared to what's currently being offered.The iPad Mini 2 is lighter but the screen is smaller and can't display as many colors, less gamut display. I've noticed this with my "old" Samsung Galaxy Tab 7 Plus, but this may not matter to some people.The Kindle HDX and Nexus 7 (2013) are, in that order, reported to have better screens- ppi and gamut display. However I'm not interested in buying too much into the Amazon App Store because I'm already in the plain Android ecosystem. The Samsung tablet line is not in consideration because I got burned by how the copy and paste function just stops working- a reset would fix it and soon after it would stop working. This issue first showed itself months after I got the device. I also wasn't interested in taking the time to jailbreak the Samsung tablet for that reason alone.I recently got a deal on the Nexus 7 (2013) and I'm getting it this week. I may keep it as a backup tablet and it's a plus that I'm already in the Android ecosystem. It has 2GB of RAM instead of Apple's current 1GB of RAM standard. It also comes with stock Android and the operating system can be easily upgraded without relying on mods. I'm hoping it will last 5 years but I've learned from the Amazon customer reviews that hardware quality control is an issue.Now back to the iPad Air. Aside from the screen I wanted the "Apple Experience" of "It just works." I like using a tablet for browsing and reading books. I also liked the idea of having access to apps that are exclusive to Apple. I've had the iPad Air for a little over a week and I'm really enjoying the bigger screen. I'm not sure I can really switch back to a smaller screen. I've downloaded a few apps, cooking related, that are exclusive to iOS and they're nice to have. Multitouch gesture is ok but the Android way of switching between apps and viewing running apps are more elegant.Why I took off three stars is because the iPad Air crashes a lot. It got to the point that I'd add a tab on Safari and it would crash even though I only had two other tabs open. I installed Chrome and the crashes happened less but they did not disappear. Search for iOS 7 crashes and low memory and you'll see this is a problem with a lot of iOS devices since the iOS 7 was introduced. I noticed other apps doing the same thing but maybe because I use them less I don't see them crashing as often.I had set up a phone appointment with Apple Support on Sunday and was told that upgrading to iOS 7.0.4 via WiFi might have caused the iOS to not fully update. I couldn't stay on the phone for too long so yesterday I did reset my tablet and set the iPad as New. I didn't buy their reasoning but I did like the Customer Support experience- setting up an appointment online etc.I really like the bigger screen and it's probably better for my eyes so I'm keeping the device. I'm also counting on Apple to fix the issue sooner rather than later- in various forums you'll read about people resetting their iOS device and doing multiple exchanges with no relief from the crashing. I will sign up for Apple Care+ which includes 2 Years of Tech Support and Accidental Damage so I can exchange the device if needed.