Working fine, as expected....then not.
[Updated 6/10/2014]As of the past few weeks, the laptop has been having this issue where the wifi drops out, reads as "Wifi is disabled", and then will be unable to re-enable it except by repeatedly shutting it off and back on again. This is not a network issue, because it happened in multiple locations, and in both locations I could easily connect with another device. I have noticed that this is a problem for multiple Chromebook users, so beware. You get what you pay for. Now I don't know when my Chromebook will all of a sudden disable its wifi, but for the fact that it seems to happen when I physically transport it. What use is a Chromebook when it can't connect to the internet? This model doesn't even have an ethernet port, so there's no fail-safe in case the wifi does get disabled...[Updated 11/3/2014]So I've had this laptop for a couple of months now, and it's exactly what I paid for. It's not the speediest computer out there, which makes sense given its price, but it gets the job done. You can do virtually anything with Google docs, and I have had few issues with the Google apps. The only thing I would say is that if you are a university student using APA, docs doesn't have a different header for the first page, which is a bit annoying. Also, it clearly cannot run a million tabs at once, so you have to be judicious with what you have open. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase, for the price, it has definitely met my needs.[September 2014]Seems like it would be great...if it didn't come with a broken screenI was really excited for my new ASUS Chromebook. The exterior is sleek, the keyboard is super-responsive, and the screen is very pretty. To my great disappointment, when I took out my brand new computer from the box and plugged it in, there was that tell-tale white vertical dotted line down the screen... So I'm returning it, but looking forward to a replacement, at which point I will update the review. At this point, it will not arrive in time for my first day of classes unless the replacement is shipped post-haste, so I am very unsatisfied with the way my purchase has been handled.