Very disappointing...
I am quite knowledgeable of all things tech, and was in the market for a new laptop. My budget these days isn't great so I had to buy a laptop that was both affordable and solid. In this day and age, since technology is rapidly changing and getting better, it's not far-fetched to really have something inexpensive AND dependable. You get what you pay for, but there are always exceptions. After reading the reviews here on Amazon and on other outside sources, I ended up choosing this Asus laptop. First off, it just feels cheap: very lightweight and plastic. Still, that in and of itself doesn't mean it won't perform very very well. The speed of this thing is pretty good. The audio is a lot better than other laptops I've had/used. The graphics look stellar. But right out of the box the screen began to flicker here and there...go from bright to not-s-bright, then darker, than back again to bright. It would happen a few times a day. Then after about a week it would flicker then completely go black. I had to close the laptop and re-open it to get it on again. This now happens about once or twice a day. I tried changing the refresh rate, but it doesn't give me the option to change it to anything other than the preset setting. I then tried to update the graphics driver, but then it would tell me that I didn't have the minimum requirements on my computer to update it. Huh!? I wrote ASUS customer assistance and explained the issue, did everything they asked, and it did not help (uninstall the driver, re-install). Now I'm stuck with the non-Intel/generic graphics driver because nothing else works (and I now cannot even adjust the screen brightness, and it's stuck on very bright!!). I've only had this laptop for a month. (As I write this the screen goes black then back on...so obviously it isn't the driver...hardware issues...great). This is very disappointing. I depend on my laptop for my livelihood. I guess you really do get what you pay for. I do not think I will ever purchase an ASUS product again.