Well, well, well. It's still a Dell.
Edit- After a few months of owning (2), I decided to get rid of it. Luckily during my travels I was able to let it go for the same amount I paid for it on Amazon. Nevertheless, it's just not a nice computer. Fan was loud, processor/ram combo couldn't keep up with simple web browsing, and of course, it's not a nice computer to look at. For close to $1k you should be given something more sturdy but instead I was given a Dell. I'll make sure to stick to Mac, Asus, Sony, or some other brand that maybe wants to step up to the big leagues.Stay Classy America.I wanted this computer strictly because it seemed aesthetically pleasing in the photos. Prior to this purchase I was using a Zenbook which I thought was a great looking computer. That computer got compliments, I was proud of it, and it was a small little powerhouse. Unfortunately it died, or atleast wouldn't allow me to charge it so I figured it was time for an upgrade. Why not, the pictures looked great, bezel-less is in fashion and I of course wanted a computer to suit me which the zenbook did.When the Dell arrived I wasn't blown away. The screens bezel, albeit small, looks cheap, like cheap plastic.The keyboard and the rest of the inside of of the computer also looks cheap. In fact, it looks so cheap that I'm slightly embarrassed. Moreover, whatever the cheap plastic material they use (I see the term carbon-something thrown around) soaks up any bit of grease/sweat and leaves a nice stain. After one day of use I was so appalled and saddened to see my space button with a little grease stain that I had to find something in my home to clean it. It won't hold up unless treated like a dainty little princess.The processor and memory combo isn't any better than my third gen zenbook, and the beauty of the dell is highly subjective. It doesn't stand out one bit. They should have used a chrome color as the black interior looks, and I'll say it again, cheap.But computer wise I'm sure it's fine. But at the price I was expecting something a little classier. Maybe I should return it and fix my zenbook or purchase a new zenbook. After all, the Dell is a Dell and a Dell is nothing to write about.