Cute, but slow
This laptop has a gorgeous layout- the keyboard is nice, and the folding mechanism is a lot of fun. But it's just not powerful enough for most users.Pros:-Love the flip design. Use the Yoga in any configuration- from a standard laptop to folding it completely backward to make a tablet. Note that the keyboard is automatically switched off when you move the screen back, there's no need to worry about accidentally pressing keys.-Acceptable battery life. While not tremendous, there is plenty of power for a flight or checking your email at the hotel.-Nice bonuses. The Yoga comes with good pack-in software, from a cookbook app to a plugin for your smartphone, which maximize the features of this tablet and its design.-Acceptable screen. The included screen only goes up to ~720p, so this is not a full HD tablet, but that's pretty standard.-Great for basic tasks. If you're just browsing the web, writing Word documents, and playing Solitaire then this is the perfect laptop for you.-Windows 8.1 is beautiful on touchscreens. Stop being a grouch, this is a great interface.Cons:-The graphics performance is awful. Even trying to view high-def YouTube videos can result in stuttering, which some people say is compounded by bad wifi drivers. Regardless, trying to view 720p video randomly resulted in the entire unit stuttering to a temporary halt, which led to some awful problems (you know that "infinite echo" effect when a video player freezes and the audio keeps repeating the last sound?).-The overall performance is also pretty bad, which seems to be complicated both by the poor graphics capabilities and the reliance on "turbo boost" to inflate numbers. For those unaware, turbo boost temporarily runs all the hardware flat-out to gain extra performance, but this usually overheats the unit so it can only be done in bursts. If you're doing an extended activity, such as watching high-def video, the unit eventually sort of eats itself.-The hinge is a touch flimsy. While the unit works well in all its configurations, but if you turn the screen around backwards to use it like a tablet on a kickstand and type on the touchscreen, it bounces pretty badly. A little stiffness would have helped.Overall:-Honestly I don't know how the performance of this unit is so bad. This notebook has a quad-core processor, so it should be fairly speedy. I was trying to replace a years-old laptop that had a bargain-basement dual-core processor and 2GB RAM (half the memory of the Yoga), and I'd say that two are on par. If you are ONLY going to use this unit for email and word processing, it's really fantastic. But if you want to play games and view high-def movies, look elsewhere.