I wanted SO bad to like this machine. However, it is unusable.
I bought this from Dell.com.It is Day 1. I have initiated a return. I plan on waiting it out. In October Dell is releasing the next generation of XPS 13 and XPS 15 - with the new Intel Skylake processors. Hopefully by then they will have figured this out. Everyone already knows how gorgeous this machine looks. The screen is the best I've ever used. The form factor is amazing. However, the cons make this thing completely unusable. See below - I just submitted the below as an RMA to Dell. I plan on checking out the LG Gram (the colors are awful, Gold and White - seriously? What about BLACK?)Got this machine today. It's beautiful. However, several problems. After researching I KNOW I'm not the only one.1. Trackpad is awful. It is giving off false positives. While I'm typing, it will randomly click another field or out of the field I'm typing. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet)2. Two finger Scrolling. I adjusted the settings in Windows 10. Still, the scrolling is horrific. Two finger scrolling is completely inaccurate and experiences deadzones. Sometimes it will move 2 lines, others 20, others 0. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet)3. Keyboard is not registering full typing or will sometimes double type. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet)4. Enter key is "stuck". When you get the machine back, you can verify. This is not a wide spread problem, but obviously the manufacturing on this machine has experienced some loss of quality prior to shipment.5. The wifi chip is rediculously bad. I have a brand new AC3200 Router, with 5 wifi extenders throughout my 4200sq foot house. All the electronics is my bedroom get 5 bars. This thing only gets 0-1 bar on 5ghz spectrum, while it gets at best 2 bars on a 2.4ghz spectrum. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet)6. Battery life is not as advertised. I'm averaging 5-6 hours in word documents with 50% screen. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet)When I return this, I would like a refund on my credit card in full. I dont expect to be charged a restocking fee, as the product did not exceed my expectations, and the product is not as advertised (battery life), partially defective (trackpad/keyboard/wifi). The trackpad was advertised as Precision. I cannot even work within Adobe Photoshop on this. The trackpad on my $299 Chromebook is better =(