Light, compact, portable and powerful, but there are several invconvenient quirky details
UPDATE 7/9/2014: After two weeks of use, I decided to return this computer. I never got used to the wonky touchpad, and using an auxiliary mouse only worked in an office environment. I also had problems with the internet not working sometimes. A little Googling revealed that the problem may have been a malfunction of the power-save function in which it was turning the wireless card off even though I was using the computer (the same power save function that was causing the screen to dim even though I was using the computer.) The only workaround for this problem that I found online sounded really complicated, so rather than fight with a brand new computer, I simply returned it.---------------------------I've had this computer about a week now, and mostly it meets my needs/expectations. It is light, compact and a fast processor, as advertised. However, there are a few things that are less than ideal, and I wanted to share them here in case it would be helpful to someone considering this machine.1. It is no longer easy or convenient to transfer files and programs between Windows 7 and Windows 8.1, the way it was between Windows XP and Windows 7, say. In an attempt to force everyone into the cloud, Microsoft has eliminated Windows Easy Transfer capabilities in Windows 8.1. This means you basically have to start from scratch with this machine and download/transfer every single thing you want on it anew.2. This unit does get warm. I know one of the top reviewers claims his Zenbook ran for hours and was still cool to the touch. Mine is not. The bottom of the computer is noticeably warm after a relatively short time (~20 mins.)3. The touchpad is pretty frustrating to me. I can't tell if it's overly sensitive or not sensitive enough (or a combination of the two) but I've been trying to adjust to it for a week now and I still find it so frustrating that I am considering getting an auxiliary mouse for the first time in 8 years.4. The power-saving dimming function seems to be entirely arbitrary. The screen often fails to brighten again when I start using the computer, which makes me feel like I am slowly going blind. Then suddenly, for no reason, it will brighten again and I'll be fine. Sometimes it dims itself again mid-use.5. I think this is a common thing among all ultralight laptops, but I really miss the number pad. I use my laptop for both work and home use, and at work I used the number pad much more than I ever realized until it was taken away.Ultimately, I would buy it again knowing what I know now, mostly because there were no comparable laptops with the kind of power and portability I was looking for.