Returned after two weeks.
First let me just state that I enjoy having asus products, especially their motherboards. They're very well built. Their laptops are a good quality build as well. Now onto this product.I mainly purchased this product for school as my previous one had finally given up on me and being a computer science major I mainly just write codes so I thought to myself that I didn't really need a powerful laptop for what I was going to be doing with the occasional Netflix. So I quickly hopped into amazon and started searching for a replacement. Seeing as how the item was from asus I decided to check the specs and decided that it would fit my needs and it did seem like a great deal with it being just under $300.Upon arrival the item look sleeked and light weight at that which made it much more ideal. Dealing with the set up was nothing out of the ordinary but it isn't fast as to be expected with only 4 gigs of ram with a HDD.Right after dealing with the set up, I noticed that McAfee was installed on the product along with other add on programs that made the item run even slower. The connection drops quite often which practically makes the WiFi card useless. So trying to update the system was unbearably slow until I just gave up and decided to use the Ethernet port. The programs run slowly even just opening a web browser takes at lest 10 seconds and another 10 seconds to search once you start searching.The touch pad itself is quite a hassle to handle. Most of the time it randomly opens the quick bar menu on the right hand side as I try to scroll down a page or it doesn't detect that my fingers are not on there anymore and it keeps scrolling through. Which is very frustrating having to go back through every page on a PDF file. Half the time I had to use the arrow keys just so I could avoid dealing with the touch pad. The keyboard itself is no picnic either. It is somewhat unresponsive especially when typing fast.I thought I just needed to get used to this laptop and once every update was done it would respond accordingly and the speed would become better but unfortunately it never worked out.So if you are looking for a budget laptop and you're one who doesn't mind having to wait for a few seconds to open up a folder or a web browser then this would be the laptop for you otherwise don' hesitate to spend an extra hundred or two for a faster processor and ram.