Hard Drive Failure After 1 Week!
{UPDATE} After owning this laptop for a little over a week the hard-drive failed. I had also experienced some lockups and crashes from the beginning but thought it may just be some of the bloatware and/or apps misbehaving which I was beginning to uninstall. My battery life was also no were near 10 hours. The background light bleed was noticeable but I thought I could live with it. Idiotic hinge design as others have said that lifts the unit off the desk when opened.I am an IT Professional, and prior to this experience, a long time ASUS product enthusiast. Called tech support and after confirming my diagnosis the support guy told me my only options were to return it to Amazon or ship it to ASUS and have them repair it and send it back which would take approximately 7-10 business days after they received it. SERIOUSLY!?! - You gotta be kidding me. I just lost any data I didn't have backed up to the cloud and many hours installing programs, moving data, and customizing this thing. When the laptop died and I called tech support I was upset but I fully expected hear "We apologize and assure you this is a rare occurrence Sir. A new unit will be expedited to you overnight. Please pack the defective one and ship it back us at your earliest convenience". Any and every company can and will put out a few lemons but the way you take care of the poor guy who got stuck with one is how you retain customers and your reputation.To top it off, I just filed for return with Amazon and now it only shows that it is available from a 3rd party with an inflated price tag. After calling tech support one more time and getting the response below I'm done with ASUS. I'll be looking at other Ultra-books to replace this. There is a reason the price is too good to be true.According to Jeremy (level II tech support) at ASUS I did not buy a laptop from them. I bought it from Amazon! Way to take ownership of your product Jeremy. This is an all time low from my experience with customer service and standing behind your product.