... this but this thing has pissed me off so bad that I am gonna write my first comment on ...
I dont usually do this but this thing has pissed me off so bad that I am gonna write my first comment on Amazon in my life.Ordered it about a week ago, the way i like it is the look, the desgin and the 8g 980m (while msi and alienware only come in 4g for the same price)Now, which such a high spec and price, i was not expecting anything would have gone wrong when i play video games. the ONLY game i am playing now is GTA V, which is not a very big game comparing to some other, and with the spec the p37x has, it should not have any probloem running, well, there was not, untill the first time i entered the game the laptop shut off but it self, just the the power being cut off completely. so i reboot it, second time into the game, 2 mins llater, it happened again, shut off completely, just like when you runnng you desttop and the power went out, boom, just like that. So i reboot it again, updated the GPU driver and chipset, changed couple settings, went into the game, no problems. Played it for a while, no issue. then i exsit the game, let it idle for 5mins, boom, shut off. EVERY SINGLE TIME i played, 5 mins after shut off the game, it shut off itself. so i contacted gigabyte's support, they asked  me to reset the OS, so I did, and now, 1 mins into the game, it dies, happen EVERY SINGLE TIME!I am suspecting it is overheating causing it to cut off the power to protect the hardware, but the highest temp i have recoreded is 96c, which is TOO high and should not cause it to shut off it self. And also have a cooling pad as well. but will it being so slim, cooling is critical, and with whar i can see, gigabyte is not doing a good job of cooling off the p37x.Then i went online did a little reaerach, found out coupple people with gigabyte's product is having the same issue (but no one have a p37x has had a issue yet), and they alll seem to be manufactured defects.So i had amazon sent me a replacement, and I am gonna see if it just me being unlucky or something else.