Bought it from the Warehouse Deal, came with a faulty memory module.
A few days ago I bought the laptop through Amazon Market place. The price including tax was around 730 bucks and shipping was free. And since this was shipped from Reno, NV it came to my house within a couple of days. And the problem began.First problem was my fault. I added a secondary SSD but it was used as a primary disk for another laptop, so it retained the EFI partition. After installing the SSD haywire ensued. I tried to clean-install Win 8.1 and it kept giving me BSOD. I managed to repartition the secodary SSD by pulling out an old SATA adapter and clean the drive from my desktop PC.I thought that I solved the problem. But turns out that the laptop came with a faulty memory. But I wasn't sure if the soldered one or the expandable module was faulty. I drove down to a local Best Buy and bought a 8GB RAM module on sale. Well, I was planning to upgrade the RAM anyway. And lo and behold, memory diagnostics tool said there's no memory problem anymore. So fortunately for me it was the Samsung memory module that came with the laptop. I guess the previous owner RMAed it because of the faulty memory. So it's all good for me. I learned a few lessons from here and one is to thoroughly reformat the disk before installing it. But...truth be told, if not for the defect I would have gave it a solid four stars. I read a lot of reviews and they were quite solid and decent. I bought this laptop to study CG on the go. (I am a Modo user.) And gaming is strictly for a secondary reason. I guess it's a very nice laptop with the most bang for the buck. It was me who happened to have the rotten luck. And finally, I suggest you guys to buy an external power bank if available. Most laptops have unsatisfactory battery performance anyway and it really helps to get one.UPDATE: There seems to be a persistent problem with the memory. I added a 8GB RAM so the total amount should be 12GB, but the BIOS only detects 4GB and the windows only recognize 8GB. I wonder why. But beside that, the laptop works just OK.