Nice Macbook Air alternative for PC users hobbled by critical flaws
Edit: I'm revising this review from four stars to two stars and I'm returning this machine after using it for a couple of days. The heating issue is just too much of a problem to ignore. Running a browser and a word processor? It gets hot. Running Windows Updates in the background? It gets hot. Uncomfortably hot to the point where it's uncomfortable through clothes and impossible to place on a lap if you're wearing shorts.Another issue I've noticed after using it for a couple of days is that the battery life indicator is all over the place. One moment it says there's ten hours of charge left and the next it goes down to three. I ended up timing a full charge with a stopwatch running it on the Balanced power option and it came out around 5-6 hours.I'm leaving the rest of my review intact below for anyone who is still thinking of buying it, but the heat issue makes this machine a no go for me.Original review below:I bought this laptop and a MacBook Air in the same week to try them out and ultimately went with this machine over the Air. I use a lot of Asus products and I've found that they're either solid workhorses that go forever or they have a glaring production flaw that renders them useless pretty quick. So far I've been impressed with this one and there are no obvious flaws, though there are a few minor annoyances.On to the good and the bad.The Good:-The size and the weight is excellent if you're looking for portability and don't need a lot of computing power. I'm using it exclusively for document formatting and it's perfect for that.-The keyboard feels much nicer than the Macbook Air. There's some give to the keys which was absent on the Air making the whole typing experience awkward. There's none of that on the Asus and it feels good even at cruising speeds over 100WPM.-The screen is pretty good and gives you full 1080p.The Bad:-This is not a performance machine. I figured I'd put that under the good and the bad. If you're looking for an all-around machine that allows for more intensive programs like gaming, Photoshop, etc. you should look elsewhere.-No backlight on the keyboard. This is a wash for me. I know where all the keys are so it's more a minor annoyance than a deal-breaker for me, but if you hunt and peck then that could definitely be a drawback in dark environments.-Heat! When I first set up Windows the thing got hot up near the underside by the screen. This seems to be isolated to when you're doing something that's resource intensive, I don't have the problem when running a word processor for example, but see above about this not being a performance machine. "Resource intensive" can be defined as setting up Windows or installing a program. It's not terribly uncomfortable, but it is an annoying design tradeoff to get rid of the fan.-The screen has a weird texture to it. I checked my computer and a display model and that just seems to be a thing and it's difficult to explain. It's really only noticeable on a white backdrop and appears to be a thing with this model, but the odd texturing can be distracting when you notice it.-The SD card slot doesn't fit an SD card entirely. Part of the card is always going to be sticking out. Seems like a size limitation issue, but it also makes it difficult to put a card in and forget about it which is possible with larger machines.I read some other negative reviews of this before purchasing to see if there were any glaring issues and figured I'd address problems from other reviews here:-I picked up a mini-HDMI to HDMI cable along with my purchase and have no issue. I connected it to a 1440p monitor (little bigger than standard 1080p) and there weren't any major issues.-Some people took issue with the way the trackpad works. I've had no trouble with it. Touch gestures work fine, I don't bump it with my wrists like on other Republic of Gamer Asus laptops I've owned, and it's serviceable. There's also an option to turn it off and use an external mouse which is nice.Overall this is a nice machine for the money. If you're a PC person who likes the form factor of the Macbook Air I'd say this is a reasonable and far cheaper alternative. Just keep in mind that you're not going to be running anything intense like Photoshop, gaming, etc. on this bad boy.