Got a bunk one, have to return.
I think I got a bunk one. Such a bummer, it seems people either really like this one, or it's awful. It just feels incredibly CHEAP. Mine just arrived today and I already know, after taking all these hours to get it set up and files transferred over, that I'm going to have to return.The problems:- Windows will just randomly pop up (not internet windows/pop up ads, etc), and there is no possible way to close them except to shut off the computer. For example, a window with a "tip" for how to use the computer, will pop up...and there is no possible way of closing it. I had two other people play around and try to figure out how to close it, and none of us could. So I finally just had to turn the computer off with the button, because I couldn't even use the shut down option because the window was covering it up!!!  Also, if you just scroll your mouse over an area while passing over to get somewhere else, a window might pop up that IS possible to close...but now you have to go back over and click it closed because it's not a window you wanted open.  Very disruptive to work.- The screen resolution is pretty bad...not always, but in some windows the text will even be fuzzy, like it's one of the those old dinosaur computers from before laptops even existed. I know the monitor has something special about it prevent glare, but it's beyond just what that could be affecting, because some of the text will be crystal clear, and then just next to it it will be fuzzy, like if it was any worse it would literally start being blurry.- The monitor has something wrong with it: When I'm on a website, I can see the pages that are behind it, showing through. I can actually read text from websites that are open on tabs behind the website I'm currently on. And file icons from the desktop show up through web pages or whatever window I have open.  Also, there are horrible streaking lines going across the screen when you have a site or image up that is solid color. For example, my website has large blocks of color framing the two sides, and there are paler and darker lines streaking through the entire thing.The pros:- Very light- Very sleek design.- Beautiful outside casing (whatever that's called). It's kind of a metallic bronzy brown color.- Very fast file transferring/copying. I transferred over 10,000 songs from my external hard drive...something that would have taken AT LEAST half an hour on any other computer I've ever had...and it was done in only seeming minutes. Same thing for 15 years of pictures, and some videos. Just very fast file copying.- So quiet! Makes no sound at all when it's on.Such a bummer...I'm sure many people love this little machine, but just know you are definitely taking a risk with this one. For the price, NOT being a budget laptop, I expect much better performance than this.