Great Chromebook With a Few Irksome Characteristics
I've had this Chromebook for three days now and these are my initial observations.  Overall, I like it very much and it seems to be as described on the Amazon site.  However, I found it to have a few irksome characteristics.It takes two hands to open it.  Maybe it's expected to get easier to open as it's used, but I hope it doesn't eventually get TOO easy to open.The trackpad is so grossly sensitive that I find it almost impossible to use.  There is no setting to reduce the sensitivity, although the setting to reduce the speed is said by some folks to help with this.  This model is said to be able to accept a wireless mouse and it does.  That's what I'm using now instead of the trackpad.  Of course, the wireless receiver permanently ties up one of the two USB ports and some sort of surface to move the mouse on is necessary.The operating time on battery is outstanding!  Charging is easy with the proprietary charger but the charger cable is almost as stiff as a wire coat hanger.  Well, maybe not quite that stiff, but still much too stiff compared to all the other various cables I have.Documentation that came with it is almost nonexistent.  The first thing I did after finding no digital manual on the machine was to find out what was available for download on the internet and was disappointed.  I ended up ordering "My Google Chromebook, Third Edition", by Michael Miller.  For a Chromebook newbie like me, that's a useful, if a tad pricey, book.The display is good.  However, the optimum viewing angle on my machine is NOT straight-on.  The image is best when the top of the display is tilted further away than the opening of the unit allows if the base is on a flat surface.  In my lap that's not a problem, but using a mouse while the unit in my lap is tricky.I love the size and weight and am looking forward to learning how to use its capabilities enough to make it my primary traveling machine and finding tips and tricks to make it familiar and easier to use.