Worth Every Penny!
I purchased an ASUS laptop back in 2009  mainly because it was one of the first laptops to offer a discrete graphics card, this was well before intel graphics were decent. I utterly hated the laptop, the screen quality was poor, the chassis construction was lacking, and it was very expensive. Since that purchase I've consciously avoided purchasing an ASUS laptop. Well, this has changed since my purchase of ASUS Zenbook UX305. The most important aspects for me in purchasing the Zenbook UX305 was the reported screen specifications, the weight, and price. This laptop is outstanding, here are my pros and cons:Pros:Beautiful full HD IPS screenSilent when operating (fan-less design)Extremely thin and light weight (2.3 lbs)5-6 hours of battery life under regular useAmazing price tag ($570 with rebate)Sturdy and well built chassisLarge and responsive touchpadTactile chiclet style keyboard240 SSD8 GB of RAM3  USB 3.0 portsSmall and portable AC adapterConsWindows 8.1 (easy to upgrade to Windows 10 though!)Keyboard not backlitNo HDMI port (Mini-HDMI port instead)Inserted SD card significantly protrudes.Power button is on the keyboard next to the delete buttonChassis can develop hot spots.I don't think you can buy a better ultra portable laptop at this price point. This computer is absolutely perfect for anyone who needs portable, responsive, and well built laptop. The only aspect which I think will depend on the type of work you intended to use it for  is the processor. This laptop moves away from traditional core i3/i5 for a mobile like processor, MY510 which has a base clock speed of 0.8 GHz ( turbo boost 2.0 GHz). Only occasionally have I found that this processor is inadequate such as serious multitasking.On Windows 10: The upgrade to Windows 10 was seamless, everything works as intended.On Ubuntu  I'm more of a Linux user than Windows, so after upgrading to Windows 10 I moved onto Ubuntu 14.04.3 LTS.  The installation was simple and straightforward. Almost everything works out of the box; the only thing that does not is the screen brightness function keys. I'm getting about 5-6 hours of use on the battery. I have also noticed that multitasking in Ubuntu is much more effective than in Windows on this processor. I  can have GIMP, Chrome, and a Youtube open all at the same time with little bogging down of the system.