What an amazing machine! (UX305LA)
Just FYI this review pertains to the UX305LA not the UX305FA. For some reason it seems like the reviews for both models are in the same place which was confusing for me when trying to figure out how good this laptop is.Pros:This Asus has got to be one of the best ultra book PC's on the market ever. I've had it for about a week now and it is compact and light, yet still extremely powerful. My boot time has been around 5-8 seconds and it takes about 2 seconds to wake up from sleep.I've also played some DOTA 2 on it and it has performed well, I didn't even hear the fan come on and the laptop didn't heat up at all like my old one used to. Granted DOTA 2 doesn't require much from the machine, but it proves this thing can handle some more intense tasks.The screen is also very nice. With 1080p and anti-glare it is extremely nice to look at. I've watched several movies and they have looked wonderful. I can also sit in a room or outside with bright sunlight and not have a problem seeing the display.The audio on this machine is the Bang & Olufsen speakers. They are quite small yet create a good amount of sound. Playing music from spotify sounds good and the base isn't even that bad.Battery life is also great. I can go to classes all day and continue using into the night at the library or something and still not to need to charge it. Basically this laptop has changed my life at school. I had a 6 kg Dell before this and it made my bag extremely heavy. Now I've been able to buy a small backpack and with this thing in it I don't even realize that anything is on my back.Cons:There are a few things that I'm not crazy about:1) When it first came the display drivers crashed a few times and the trackpad and speakers were not working. However, after going to the ASUS website and updating drivers it has been working like a charm.2) The keyboard is not backlit. While not an essential part of any laptop it would be nice if I could see the keys better at night. However, if you do turn the brightness up high on the display the keys will reflect the light which makes it easier to see them in the dark.3) Only micro HDMI. Obviously this was necessary due to space constraints, however, it would have been nice if I didn't have to buy adapters for my monitors and TV to connect to the laptop.4) The color. The titanium gold color is more of a rose gold color. Obviously this doesn't really matter, however, I would prefer if the computer was a little less pink. This goes out as a warning to all the people who don't like the color pink, this laptop is pretty pinkish.