Great, even for an Android fan.
I have historically been an Android person, However, this time I decided to give Apple a whirl. In comparison to an Android device it is far less customizable. You don't get to install different keyboards, or load widgets onto 8 different home screens, or install a completely different launcher all together, but this doesn't mean it's all bad. The user interface is very simplistic, but that actually works fairly well on a screen this size. The only thing that really sucks about it is that you can't hide the infrequently used apps quietly off to the side in the app screen like you can with Android. You are staring at all the apps at once from the home screen mo matter what. Even all neatly organized in folders it can still be a little hard to find what you are looking for. This coupled with the lack of information on the home screen(such as you get from a widget) would make me really dislike this on a small phone screen. It does work fairly well with the 10" screen though, and the multi touch gestures make switching between apps and multi tasking a breeze.  This thing is extremely fast as well, you really can't slow it down. 10 browser tabs open, streaming music, playing a game, and checking your email, all while jumping back and forth between them is completely seamless. It literally feels like you can't feed it input fast enough to make it even stumble a little.  The battery life is also excellent. You will be hard pressed to kill it in a day. You would have to be gaming on it for hours to accomplish a dead battery I would think. I think the battery life is the perfect balance, to increase it any would in my opinion probably mean a sacrifice to either performance or weight and size. I typically get about 2 days of moderate use out of it.  For those of you on the edge between this and an Android device(or the constantly improving world of Windows mobile), the App Store selection is about the same. For the types of apps I use there seems to be very little difference, the are both excellent for social media, media consumption, email, and browsing the web. I do somewhat prefer the BaconReader reddit client app for android over what I have found here, but that is a very minor complaint. There are a few apps that are paid on iOS that you can get for free on Android, but at the same time there are more tablet specific apps on iOS, so I think it's a fair trade off.As far as day to day use goes it has been impeccable and I would recommend it to anyone. It has been reliable, fast, and had great battery life, any complaints are minor and subjective. In case Amazon rolls my review in with all the iPad Air models, which they probably will, I have the 32GB white version. I would also recommend avoiding the 16GB, after everything is all updated and the included free apps installed, you will only have a couple GB left for apps and media.