Great Laptop for the price - Excellent value!
I purchased the UX305 from Microsoft and not on Amazon, but the review is still relevant to this specific product.First off I want to note that this is not a powerhouse computer - no computer at $700 and less is a powerhouse computer. For the price you are getting some great specs and great hardware. Heck the $1300 macbook 12" has the same specs (reletively). The hard drive is fast the RAM is adequate for most everyone, the screen is bright and very pleasant to view and the battery life is great. I really like the keyboard on this unit and am able to type just as quick as on larger laptops and desktop keyboards. Everything just feels very well done and feels more expensive than what you are paying. This is a far cry different than the HP 17" I have been using. I can carry this in a bag along with its power adapter, an ipad and its power adapter for basically the same weight as just the bag that held my larger laptop without the laptop in it. It is incredible how portable this laptop is and how well it works in my daily work in the courthouse and airplanes. I use this machine for web research and surfing - some video watching, spreadsheets, emails, word docs and some mapping. It can handle most of this without a hickup. The mapping part is not as easy as it is on larger more powerful units with dedicated graphics - but this machine was not designed to do this task. I can deed plot just fine, but it starts to lag when working in GIS software. Not a deal breaker for me.Issues:-Windows 8 (enough said), but it doesn't mean a star needs to be taken off the laptop... and hey windows 10 is coming out in a couple months (depending on when you are reading this).-The trackpad is pretty darn good compared to many other windows laptops I have tried during my shopping, but it does not have the option to reverse the two-finger scrolling and its multi touch setting are a little finicky. It is a little loud when clicking - doesn't bother me much at all. sometimes it thinks I am three finger swiping and will minimize my current program (rare) or sometimes thinks I am trying to zoom in/out (less rare).I purchased the signature edition of this machine from Microsoft so it does not have any of the extra software that computer manufacturers throw on their machines. That said it is probably a little faster than the normal ones from Asus. I really like using the machine and have suggested it to many of my co-workers - some of whom have gone off and purchased it after trying mine. For the money I don't think there is anything out there as good or near as good. There are more powerful machines like the XPS 13, but its going to cost you some serious coin to get the 256gb ssd and the 8gb ram - about $1100 for that version of the XPS 13. I personally will save the $400 - I don't really need the Core i5 processor that much for internet, big spreadsheets, some mapping. It would be nice, but not needed. I also got my ux305 on sale for only $599 so the argument was that much bigger for the Asus.