Do your research! A few minor gripes w/ this model, general cb issues.
Standard fonts (Times New Roman, Arial, Courier) are not available on a Chromebook.  Google has made copies of them that should work well enough but there are distinct enough differences that people writing for a professional setting with specific, unwavering standards will need a work-around (another computer with the appropriate font, or learning LaTeX).  Fonts cannot be easily installed on a Chromebook (must enter Dev mode, comfortable working within Linux..).  This isn't a gripe specific to this model since it effects all Chromebooks equally.Office 365 has an online component if you feel required to use Office for work.  It's not as robust as offline/installed programs and has printing issues (I could NOT get it to print to my Cloud Printer in-"app").  Again, this isn't specific to this model, just something worth noting.Specific to this model: I found that the case can bend under its own weight, causing the volume buttons to go crazy.  This happened on Day 1 of having this machine.  It hasn't cropped up after almost a month, though.The A button gets wedged under the case when typing, which is aggravating. The space bar leaves residue on the screen, which is visible in one of the photos.The outside shell, especially the blue part, REALLY shows fingerprints.Anyone used to typing on a standard keyboard may find they rest their palms or thumbs on the track pad.  I haven't used a laptop in over a decade, so this might not be an issue for someone who uses them regularly.  I ended up randomly scrolling/highlighting while typing because of this, but it might get better with time.For pluses, it's extremely light.  This is a HUGE plus for me because I have Thoracic Outlet Syndrome and a rotary cuff impingement, meaning my shoulders/upper back/neck are extremely sensitive to what I carry and changes in my posture.  For example, I cannot use a messenger bag because the weight isn't evenly distributed across both shoulders, which results in lots of pain and stiffness as the day wears on.  Having a laptop that weighs only 2 lbs is fantastic!  The battery life is also nothing to sneeze at.  I have some days where I'm gone for 12 hours and cannot guarantee access to a power outlet.  Sleep mode overnight drains ~2% battery, and with screen brightness at around 40% I get 12-13 hours of web browsing/document editing.