Light, spacious, reliable, economical Chromebook
Others have written some great in-depth reviews here and elsewhere already, and there are plenty of resources online that clearly explain what the Chrome OS is capable of and what it's not good for.  So I don't feel a need to go into great detail here. My review is for those who are already familiar and comfortable using Chrome and extensions, understand the limitations of the platform, and and are just looking for a very cost effective yet reasonably capable Chromebook to have next to the bed or TV, and are now just looking up reviews for specific Chromebook models.If you get these during a Black Friday or similar sales event, you can pick these ASUS Chromebooks up for around 150-ish. For that price this computer is amazing.There are only 2 things I really wish were different, both of which aren't likely to happen unless there is a significant price increase: backlit keyboard and double the memory.If you like to use a computer in bed, or watching TV, chances are it'll be pretty dark. Unfortunately the letters on the keyboard are small and not bright on this Asus Chromebook, so the brightness from the screen may not be enough to see the keyboard clearly.The other issue is memory.This Chromebook comes with 2 Gigs of memory and you can't upgrade. This is fine for basic browsing but depending on how many extensions you have installed, 2 Gigs may sometimes not quite be enough to get a really smooth experience out of it. I found that installing Adblock extension helped bring down some of the excessive memory use at times but it's not a universal fix by any means and my observation may well be incidental. One example is Facebook. FB has tons of trackers and ads pulling away resources at all times. Loading FB pages (not through apps or extensions, just regular webpage) can take a long time on a low memory machine. I find that Adblock cuts this down by at least half. Engadget is another one on occasion. The Gmail app can be pretty memory heavy if you have a lot of emails in your inbox. The same is true for many other sites that go nuts with their ads and trackers. I find that this has gotten worse. This Chromebook, and most other Chromebooks, were conceived at a time when 2 Gigs was fine for basic online use. Over the past 2 years, however, many sites have dramatically increased their tracking and ad serving mechanisms, all of which tend to hog more memory. If you think this is BS, time load times on a regular Windows machine with and without ad blocking enabled. See what I mean?The more extensions you have active, the more resources you'll need. It's true that most extensions use a very small amount of memory running in the background, but they do add up. If you have lots of extensions, and frequent ad-heavy sites, 2 Gigs apparently isn't enough sometimes. I've experienced several low memory crashes ("He's Dead, Jim"- screen on Chrome). Disabling extensions to the bare minimum helped. If you're comfortable with the terminal you could mess with zram (swap enable) but if that's not your bag, and you need those 50 extensions running at all times, expect the occasional hiccup.Why do I keep harping on this? Because Chromebook is incredible with extensions. There are a LOT of things you can do with the right app or extension. But again, the more you have, the more memory you need. And since you can't upgrade you want to really think about this limitation.The battery lasts a surprisingly long time even with moderate use, anywhere from 8 to 10+ hours in my experience. The sleep function helps. It charges up quickly, too, the supplied AC adapter does a great job.The screen quality is acceptable, nothing more. Don't expect to judge color accuracy on photos with this. Videos looks a little washed out and HD videos on Youtube sometimes look pretty bad. But again, for casual use this is totally fine.The trackpad, while quite large, isn't great. It's not very accurate but should do fine for basic use. You can always pair a mouse with this if you need to have accurate and more comfortable control over the cursor.The C300 is very light. The specs claim a bit over 3 pounds but somehow it feels lighter. The somewhat cheap feel of the plastic probably helps with the illusion, but I like it.You already know that you can only install extensions and apps made for Chromebook. And while the selection of extensions and apps is very extensive, some notable options are missing. If you don't want to or can't use Gmail as your sole email client for your non-Gmail accounts, you'll be looking for a decent third party email client extension or app. Let me know when you find one because as of May 2015, there aren't any good ones. The ones that are there are severely limited, often don't work with MS Exchange, or have some other limitations and bugs. It's a bit weird, actually - you'd think something as basic as email would be taken care of by now. For most users, the Gmail app is fine. You can use third party emails through Gmail but it's a hassle, doesn't always work smoothly (emails sometimes come in late), and Exchange doesn't work at all.FTP is also an issue. There are very few FTP extensions/apps available as of right now, and the one least worst one you need to pay for. It's like 2 bucks or something like that but the point is that your options are limited. And none of the FTP apps right now are really good. They're buggy, seem to disconnect randomly, sometimes don't connect at all, delete stored FTP credentials randomly, have a very limited feature set, and so forth.This is not a heavy productivity machine, none of the Chromebooks are at this time. For example, there's no Photoshop available for the Chrome platform, and no real alternative is available. There are some basic photo editing extensions, and they tend to be ok for cropping and minor adjustments such as brightness and contrast. But anything fancier than that isn't happening right now. Wouldn't matter because the C300, like almost all Chromebooks, just doesn't have the power for heavy photo editing.Forget video editing completely, even basic cut n' export jobs. Not happening at this time.This Chromebook works perfectly fine for moderate spreadsheets (via Google Docs) but it may choke on some large corporate level Excel sheets with lots of formulas.I was surprised how well this Chromebook handles playing HD videos on Youtube (besides the aforementioned visual quality issues due to the limited screen specs). I've not experienced any stuttering and it just doesn't seem like the machine's processor is overwhelmed playing videos, even after doing this for an hour or so straight. On a 2011 Macbook Air, the fans go absolutely nuts when playing 720p or higher videos, and it heats up quite a bit. The Chromebook stays quiet and cool. In fact, there is no fan that can kick in. This is part of the reason why performance is limited - it had to be in order to keep the processor cool and omit the fan.If you rely on Dropbox, note that you cannot install a Dropbox folder on this and expect it to sync with your Dropbox account like it works on Windows or OS X. Dropbox does offer an app but it's really just a shortcut to the Dropbox web site. (Some third party extensions claim they can create a virtual folder on your device and connect it to your Dropbox account but security concerns prohibit me from testing these). Google really wants you to use Google Drive. If you do, you're all set - the C300, like all Chromebooks, connects and works nicely with your Google Drive account.Side note: if you see the ad here on Amazon claiming you get 100 TB of free storage from Google Drive for 2 years...that offer expired January 2015.Chrome OS currently cannot connect to network drives. If you use a USB thumb drive or NAS connected to your router, don't expect to be able to access any of its contents from a Chromebook, including the C300. Again, this may change by the time you read this review.Chromecast. If you need Chromecast, this Chromebook does the job...kind of. It doesn't always do it very well though. Videos tend to be somewhat choppy (even if they play fine on the C300's itself) when cast over to your TV. Colors look weird, not sure why that is. The machine does appear to change the look of the video somehow when it casts it to a TV. It points to a problem with the Chromecast extension itself, not necessarily the C300.Skype: Microsoft/Skype really needs to make a proper extension for Chrome but as of right now they haven't. If you rely on Skype, you only have one realistic option: Outlook. Install the app, and sign in with your Outlook email account. You can use a very crippled version of Skype through the Outlook email app, but there are no proper notifications, and you can't search for or add new contacts. But it's fine for basic use.That's the gist of it - Chromebooks are for BASIC use. This includes the C300. It's good, does the basics fine, is light, lasts a long time on battery, wakes up from sleep very fast. Its limitations come mostly from Chrome OS itself and they are the same with every Chromebook. The Asus isn't alone in having only 2 GB of memory and no backlit keyboard either. So if you get a good deal on this (under 200 bucks), and are in the market for a Chromebook anyway, absolutely get this one.If you need more info, go ahead and read the other reviews here, most of them are really good and spot on. I close with saying that if you haven't been using Chrome as your main browser, aren't familiar with how extensions work, and don't really know about Chrome OS limitations, do check out a few online resources about Chrome OS before you decide to buy this or any other Chromebook. I will say that those reviewers who say "it's great for X" may be right in regards to how THEY like to work on "X", but your personal workflow and style may or may not be accommodated by Chrome OS.For me, the C300 is wonderful for basic browsing, emails, doing very light Word or spreadsheet work, and checking social media accounts and watching some Youtube videos.