Keyboard is lowercase, dim metro font - better use this at a well lit desk, and have good eyes.
For me, this is meant to be a portable device, so I would be everywhere with it, not usually at a proper desk with proper lighting.  The keyboard has lowercase letters and the paint is dim.  The metro font used on the keys makes it very difficult to use.  The r and t are right next to each other, and since a lowercase L (l) looks just like an uppercase i (I), they are also confusing.  If you're over 40 (aka use glasses at all, don't have the super vision you once had), then like me, you'd like to find the punk kid designer at Asus, who thought a dim white paint, using a smooth metro style LOWERCASE font to mark the keys, and spill his starbucks latte all over his birkenstock sandals.  The picture listed here shows bright white letters for the keyboard, someone at Asus has doctored the photo.  I'm giving this Chromebook away, the keyboard makes it useless to me.  Other than that, it's great (I mean that).  They could have knocked this out of the park, with such an easy thing to get right - but they didn't.  Cool looking or usability - they choose cool, which isn't.Update: I added a video showing the keyboard details, because yes, I am that disappointed.  Asus, fire the keyboard artist, and hint, "artist" is sarcasm.  Get a usability expert instead.Update2: Ended up giving it to my wife, so far, she's loving it.  I'm revising my stars from 1 to 3, and maybe higher later.  For me, for my eyes and lack of 100% touch typing skills, I still say this is an abysmal mistake by Asus, so easily could have been perfect.  If you can touch type, this machine is a 5 star machine!  If not, I firmly believe it's a 1!  There is nothing else about this machine to knock, the apps install super easy, super fast, and the whole thing is a great ecosystem!  I did discover that Roboform Lite works well here, something I really, really love!  She's into photography, I'm going to see if the Pixlr app, like a Photoshop junior, is something she likes.  If so, this is headed towards a 5-star, with a caveat for non-touch typers.