A Die Hard Macbook Fan
Just a heads up to you mac users thinking about switching back to Windows in preparation for Windows 10 that are on a budget. YOU WILL NOT FIND A BETTER ULTRABOOK THAN THIS ONE RIGHT HERE!!!!!. Just as a bit of background, I have loved Apple since the iPhone 4s came out, but as I worked for best buy I quickly learned that Windows, Android, etc, have vastly improved since the days where apple would blow their products out of the water, and Asus is a brand I have just recently looked into starting with my kick ass router that I use at home which is a beast. That being said, no Windows laptop will be exactly like a macbook obviously and I am coming from a macbook pro. So first I will say this that the only thing that truly bugs me about the laptop is the trackpad. Since it isn't glass it doesn't have that same feel or subtle click a macbook would have. That however is my only complaint so here is my review.Design- I never would have thought to have found such a powerful device in a thin design. I searched Craigslist before stumbling upon the UX305 online, looking for a macbook air. This thing is thinner, than a macbook air but ironically not lighter. That said this thing is LIGHT compared to my macbook pro and I can see myself taking this laptop anywhere. Build quality is a big pet peeve of mine when it comes to tech and Asus doesn't cut any corners here either. The laptop is made of all aluminum except for the high quality plastic on the screen bezels. Just like the other reviews the material is a fingerprint magnet but Asus includes a cleaning cloth with the machine. The 3 USB ports are very nice as I use a wireless mouse for increased productivity, a cooling try with USB extensions and flash drives all at the same time. I never have to worry about not having enough ports. The USBs are accompanied by a SD Card slot, a headphone jack, a power indicator light and the charging port.Hardware and Specs- When I saw the price tag for the first time I never would have expected 8GB of DDR3 RAM and a 256 SSD! Laptops with these specs usually start at a GRAND! and the Macbook Air is no exception to that. Here is where you need to be careful. This laptop is running a Core M Processor. It is a 5th generation processor, but a core M none the less. For my uses, that is all I need. My schoolwork, web browsing, social media, media streaming, and light video editing are all I need. (Light being uploading footage, add transitions and trimming, audio editing, and then exporting). I haven't tested the video editing but everything else runs great. Web browsing tends to stutter a little because the processor hasn't fully caught up but just a second or two wait is all it needs. But with sacrifice comes reward. The reward is that you get a machine that is completely fanless QUIET and very power efficient, and that is where the up to 10 hours of battery life comes in. I usually don't test batteries on my laptops though because most of the time they are stationary on my coffee table waiting to be plugged in if necessary. I can't tell you enough what a joy it has been to be on a computer for 3 hours straight and not hear a single sound come from it except for my typing.  The RAM coupled with the SSD though and you get a machine that boots in 5 seconds, opens apps in less than a second, and has a sizeable amount of on board storage. However this laptop comes partitioned and I didn't like that but just deal with it otherwise you will have to fully reinstall a factory version of Windows 8.1 Pro that took hours.Screen, Keyboard, Mouse- The Screen is a gorgeous non touch Full HD 1080p screen. I am so thankful my macbook wasn't a retina display macbook otherwise I wouldn't have been so excited to see this screen. Colors are bright and vibrant. Text is crisp and clear and its just a joy to look at. The best part is it is a matte display, so no fingerprints, no glossy reflection, and you can see this screen even in broad daylight. They keyboard I am happy to say is just about similar to my macbook pro. My girl owns a Sony Vaio I got her last year and I CAN'T STAND TYPING ON THAT THING. The key travel on the Asus is fairly nice and expected of such a thin macbook and the keys have a smooth yet satisfying click. I couldn't be happier with the keyboard. I have already expressed my opinion of the trackpad in the entrance paragraph. I will say though thanks to Asus' smart gesture driver, the main gestures I used on my mac which were zoom, back a page, and 2 finger scrolling all work great on this trackpad.OS: I was a little worried coming back to Windows, but after seeing what Windows 10 will be like I couldn't be more excited. I had to come back to a Windows machine anyway because the online school that I attend is way more compatible with Windows than Mac unfortunately. Windows 8.1 Pro runs super smooth on this Asus Laptop and if you haven't had a touch screen laptop before this one then you won't notice any difference in the navigation.Sound Quality: I don't have much to say here because I usually listen to laptop videos through headphones, but the outside speakers aren't the best, Asus had to cut corners somewhere and I am so glad it is with the speakers, They are on the bottom of the laptop though I am not sure why, and the sound quality is a little tinny, but the headphone sound is superb, so keep that in mind.Misc: Just some other things of note about this laptop. There is no ethernet port however Asus is kind enough to provide a USB to ethernet adapter in the box your laptop comes in, there is also a cleaning cloth as I mentioned before. In addition, the Charging brick that comes with this thing is small thin and light just like the machine. This makes traveling with this machine so easy especially for those that love to pack light. Easily the smallest charger I have ever seen for a laptop. Asus also includes a 1 Year ADH warranty so if something physical breaks on your laptop (ie screen) Asus will repair or replace the laptop. See the site for details of course. One last thing, AC Wifi is not on this laptop but N running with a super smooth router like my asus one is a beast. Since the laptop isn't ideal for gaming, the wifi shouldn't be too much of an issue and N band wifi is still doing well speed wise.Overall- This is the most bang for your buck Ultrabook ANYWHERE. I anticipate that if these make it to Best Buy we will sell a lot of these laptops. It is hard to argue the 699 price tag with the combination of the screen, the SSD, the RAM, the Processor, and the design of this laptop. As long as you aren't a power user or gamer, this laptop will be perfect for you and your wallet will thank you I am sure.