Low Frills, Gets The Job Done, Lacks Some Essentials
I purchased this laptop as I needed just a simple, basic, Windows-based laptop to replace my old ASUS netbook.  The specs listed in the description led me to believe that this laptop would fit the bill, even if it did come with Windows 8.1 (I prefer Windows 7).  I've had this laptop for just under a week as of this writing and overall I'm satisfied.There are some gripes, though. I'm disappointed in the number of USB ports. It could have used at least one more.  More often than not, I use an external mouse (trackball style) and that means that I only have one USB port to use for flash drives OR to power the cooling pad I have.  Not a huge issue, but one of those "gee, that sucks" kind of things.  Loss of one star.This laptop also lacks status indicator lights for the wireless card, HDD activity, CAPS and NUM lock.  Why those were left out of this model is beyond me.  CAPS and NUM lock indicator lights are not a real big issue, but it's very helpful to see when (or if) the computer is accessing the HDD and if the wireless card is off.  These two items were present on my 2008 vintage ASUS netbook.  The ONLY status lights are for Power and Battery Status.  Loss of another star.The keyboard is well laid out and I find typing on it to be very easy without much adaptation from a standard desktop version.  I do notice a slight lag while typing and there seems to be a tendency to drop a character when typing the same letter twice (as in "tt" in letter).  This may be a Windows setting that needs tweaking a little bit.I cannot comment on how this laptop handles Windows 8.1.  I dislike that OS very much and within an hour of unboxing I was installing Windows 7 (64-Bit).  This laptop does NOT include an optical drive, as I expected.  I already had a USB optical drive on hand, though.  If you're like me and want to install Windows 7, make sure you download the appropriate drivers from the ASUS support site.  Windows 7 does NOT include the needed drivers natively.  Other than that, Windows 7 runs really well on this machine.The computer is really light.  It seems to weigh almost as much as my old netbook despite being much larger.  The sound from the speakers is really good.  If you want fantastic sound, you'll have to attach some powered external speakers, of which there is plenty of choices out on the market.  Unless you are a rabid audiophile, you'll likely be pleased with the stock speakers on this machine.  I haven't had any problems using headphone/earbuds with this laptop.Bottom line: if you don't need a computer to do high end graphics, photo/video editing, and/or gaming, this laptop shouldn't disappoint.  This machine is more than capable for the basics of modern life.  Most of my DVD collection has been converted to MP4s I've watched several movies without any performance issues.  Keep in mind that this laptop has a glossy screen, so reflection from your surrounding environment may be an issue in some lighting conditions.  For this reason, I prefer a matte-style screen.