Flawed, interesting, and then it broke.
I started to pick up more work as a consultant, and I decided I needed a laptop that could travel with me and allow me to bill time when I'm away from home. Most of my work involves document review, manipulating some pretty advanced Excel tables, and using web-based software like Salesforce. I saw that the last-generation Yoga Pro 2 was available for a very reasonable price of $600 (it came with a better hard drive than the one pictured, the 128 gig SSD) at Best Buy, and snatched it up.I have an iPad Air, which I adore, so I was curious to compare the tablet functionality of the Yoga Pro 2 to the iPad. As a tablet, I have to say that windows machines are greatly lacking. The Windows apps feel like children's versions of the real software you can access by going to your "normal" Windows home screen. However, once you do that, it's very difficult to use touch to click the tiny icons which were designed for a mouse. So, as a tablet, this was a bit of a non-starter for me. As a laptop though, it's very capable, and being able to reach up and touch what you want while your fingers are on the keyboard is sometimes preferable to using the trackpad (which is decent, though the "click" function required too much force on mine.)What I ended up liking most about the Yoga Pro 2 was hooking it up to a large desktop monitor. I then placed the Yoga Pro 2 in "presentation" mode facing me, below and in front of the larger monitor. With a keyboard and mouse attached, I now have a touch-screen I can manipulate, and then bring up what I want to see on the larger screen behind it. As a guy who is used to working with two monitors, I found this to be a brilliant/unexpected use of the Yoga's form factor. Because it's in presentation mode, the screen is right in front of your face rather than two feet away behind the keyboard.However, the screen size was also a bit too small for doing serious work without a second monitor, which is largely the point. And like I said, I never wanted to use this thing in tablet mode or really for the things I use my iPad for, like movie playback, reading books and the news, and playing music. The iPad battery lasts much longer, the speakers are just as loud, and it's much cozier to bring to bed with you. The iOS experience is also extremely sharp and fast, at least as fast as the Yoga Pro 2. Of course, the iPad fails at Salesforce, serious-adult Evernote, and the other software I use that is only available on a full Windows machine.Alas, two weeks in, the Yoga Pro 2 would not turn on. I woke up one morning after it having worked fine the night before, and tried to turn it on. Nothing. Zero power to the device, it was a brick - no capslock light, no attempts at booting up, it was just dead. I googled and found this happens occassionally to these units, and that it was potentially a problem with the charging port. Luckily I'd purchased at Best Buy and was within the return policy term limit, and so I just dropped it off a few hours later and got a full refund.Ultimately, I purchased another Lenovo laptop - the Flex 3. This is a larger, heavier (5 lbs), cheaper alternative to the Yoga line... except that you can actually get a long more computer for your buck, if you accept the slightly bulkier device. I managed to get 8 gigs of ram and the new i5 Core-M processor (and HD 5500 instead of HD 4400 integrated graphics) for essentially the same price as the Yoga. The only hitch is that the Flex 3 line is not offered with SSD drives, only hybrids with 8 gigs of SSD attached. Luckily, you can replace the hard drive with a 256 gig SSD drive for about $100. I'm actually still waiting for the Flex to arrive, and hoping that it doesn't face a similar power failure problem.Ultimately, the Yoga Pro 2 is not a good tablet - so why pay extra to shave a little weight off? The Flex seems like a more practical choice, and honestly if you're going to be doing real work on it, you probably want a screen that's larger than 11 inches. My time with the Yoga Pro 2 was a mixed bag.