Windows 8.1 sucks!!!
UPDATE 09/18/2015: After having installed all of the software that I wish to use, with OS updates and drivers, I upgraded to Windows 10. The process took about 45 minutes (including the download time for 2.7 GB of data). The process was entirely automatic, and the machine even downloaded some Windows updates after the OS was upgraded. I must admit that my detestation for Windows 8.1 was quickly forgotten when using Windows 10. Boot times are about 4 seconds from striking the power button to the start screen. All functions work great, the response is crisp (very notable considering my model uses the "slower" Core M processor) and battery life really does last about 8 hours while connected via Wi-Fi (I was actively using Outlook, frequently sending and receiving emails, surfing, etc.) The outer shell does have a tendency to attract finger prints, but it's not too bad. I bought an HDMI cable that allows connection to standard HDMI ports for use with an external monitor or TV.I am VERY HAPPY with this ultrabook, and Windows 10 is a huge improvement over Windows 8.1 (then again, what isn't better than 8.1?).ORIGINAL REVIEW 09/10/2015:  This is a very nice ultrabook. It feels like an Apple MacBook Air - high grade aluminum, solid construction, the screen open and closes smoothly but it feels very solid throughout the process of raising and lowering the screenThe item was packed in the ASUS box (which was well protected) and then it was packed in yet another, slightly larger box (of which was also well protected), and that box was then packed into a larger Amazon box (which was padded fairly well). I bought the Core M processor model. The machine is very thin, very light and very fast. It boots in about 8 seconds (even though Windows 8.1 sucks), and the machine is very, very quiet.I have worked on the Core i5 model of the same machine and noticed that it was just a little faster than this Core M processor machine, but the hint of extra speed is not worth the extra $150 in cost. There is a C: and a D: partition on the SSD right out of the box, one for the OS (this has about 50 GBs available for programs the user may load, and the other partition is for "Data" which amounts to 127 usable GBs. The machine boasts USB 3.0 ports, SD and HDMI, some of the most commonly used (so I believe). The keyboard is great, providing a perfect amount of key travel and feel when typing, a significant accomplishment for a keyboard that is on something that is so thin.I read online that it is best to go through "Windows Update" hell and install ALL available drivers, OS updates and software that one wishes to use on the machine BEFORE upgrading to Windows 10. Other users have reported online that they were not able to install some of their software on their computers because the very first thing they did was upgrade to Windows 10 prior to installing the software that was otherwise functional on Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 (of which just sucks).Programs such as Acrobat 8 Professional, 2010 MS Office Professional and some accounting software installed without any difficulty (shocking when considering that Windows 8.1 sucks).Lastly, I must admit that I detest Windows 8.1, and I will be upgrading to Windows 10 now that the OS is all up-to-date and all of the software that I want to use has been installed. I will update this review after that process has been attempted and / or completed.