Hardware and Linux How-To
Review on Specs and Hardware- When I opened up my laptop it had a 300 gbs hard drive, instead of the 500 it was meant to. After I installed Linux my missing 200 gbs showed up, and I really don't know what was up with that. I attached a screenshot of the specs. The processor is an Intel Celeron N2830, which does not state "dual core" anywhere I can find in the system information, but if you go on the Celeron website it says that processor model is a dual. Therefore none of the product information in the listing is incorrect, as I initially believed it to be.- My true complaint with this laptop, the reason for the knocked-off star, is the keyboard. Its fully sized, which was important to me, but the keys just don't feel great under-hand. A few days in the keyboard bulged up slightly and popped up off it's case. I was able to click it back down into place but the plastic is still slightly warped in the center of the keyboard. Typing is unaffected by this bulge, but it worries me and simply should not have happened so early on, if at all.UEFI/BIOS issueSecure boot has to be disabled before it will allow you to boot from a live USB. Here's how I did it.1. Create or procure USB install of Linux because this computer has no disc drive. Plug it into the computer when you're ready to go.2. Open PC Settings -> Update & Recovery -> Recovery ->Advanced Setup -> "Restart Now" (Will not restart, but trigger a popup) -> Troubleshoot -> Advanced Options -> UEFI Firmware Settings -> Restart (Actually Restarts).3. In the UEFI/Boot menu tab over to "Security" -> Select "Secure Boot Management" -> Toggle to "Disable" -> Save and Exit (There's a key command for Save/Exit listed on the right side of the screen.)4.Computer will boot up as normal. Go back into PC Settings. -> Update & Recovery -> Recovery -> Advanced Setup -> "Restart Now" -> Use a Device -> UEFI "Your Linux USB Name" -> Start Linux. (Be aware that if you have other USB stuff plugged in, like a mouse or printer, that will show up under USB devices. Boot from the one you're sure is your Linux install.)5.You should now be in a test-run Linux environment. There's an install on the desktop.Windows 8.1 was way too over-encumbered for this humble laptop. It felt sluggish and got increasingly less responsive even in the short time I used it. I Installed Linux mint 17 cinnamon and had no compatibility issues. The laptop runs significantly faster with Linux than it does with Windows.  I did not notice a change in battery life, as others have commented on. Overall I'm pretty pleased.