The Incredible Efficient Machine
This ultrabook is engineered to be both portable and lightweight. It came with an ethernet USB dongle, adapter (unclosable prong), manual, and some accessories. Beware that the dongle may lose connection as it have happened to me but I haven't tested it fully to resolve the issue yet. The design is entirely consist of aluminum which itself felt premium and assist in dissipating heat away from internal components.Battery life has been sufficient in watching videos and while 10 hours was advertised it's clearly depends on what activities it's undergoing plus the settings. The Lithium-Polymer battery is located inside the case and it's not advised to replace it yourself as it'll void the warranty under their policy. It's best to discharge the battery once per month for calibration and since it's Lithium, you shouldn't fully charge (100%) nor deep discharge (10%) it.The keyboard is an improvement over my predecessor: HP Pavilion Dv6z-3k. It's big enough and provide enough feedback for me to type fast. However, with the absence of certain keys (power button, pg down, pg up..etc), some users will find this as a dealbreaker but it's completely acceptable for me.The screen is matte finish, so no glare in contact with light and provide 1080p resolution. Initially the setup for the default screen resolution is awkward as you need to adjust the scaling to make everything fit due to some windows appearing in lower resolution. Some may prefer a larger screen but it's user dependent on what type of viewing experience they prefer. The screen lid will fall back if held down enough.Zenbook UX305FA has the Intel Core M 5Y10 with Intel HD Graphics 5300. This is the only reason why I bought this machine: ultimate heat efficiency. This has no fans or moving parts involve and no noise either. Comparing with the new Macbook, I felt choosing this is the better choice, not because of its specs but also of choosing something different.Asus proved that they discovered something incredible.