The Little Chromebook that Can.
The little chromebook that can. I like many others was in the market for a laptop, I considered the Macbook Air and Surface Pro as my two main options. I then started to consider a few things, what do I actually use my laptop for and the price point. Like many I mainly browse, listen to music, watch videos and occasionally get work done on my laptop. I also heavily use several of Google services, I have my music uploaded on Google Music, I have my photos on Picasso and all my work documents on Google drive. I began doing some research on Chrome OS and Chromebooks, I found that for me it did everything I needed.I then began researching Chromebooks and kept coming across the Toshiba Chromebook 2. What caught my eye was the display and overall look of the laptop. Yes ! I want an affordable laptop but I also want one that doesn't look like a toy. I actually ended up going to a Best Buy and saw a Toshiba Chromebook 2 side by side next to a Acer Chromebook 2. Right off the back the differences were apparent. I then decided to purchase the Toshiba Chromebook 2 on Amazon and boy am I pleased. Setup took less than two minutes, just sign into your gmail and POOF! your done. Once again the display is amazing, really on par with a Macbook retina. One thing I didn't realize was how loud the speakers are, I actually have to keep it below the max level because of how loud it gets.  The keyboard feels great and is easy to type on. The laptop is light and sturdy, it doesn't feel like it will fall apart.Chrome OS is great! once again for what I do it works for me. One thing I didn't realize is that there are now Microsoft Office Chrome Apps that you can use. Yes you heard that right, you can use Word, Excel and Power Point on your Chromebook, of course it' online but if your like me your always on a wifi connection. I also like how the Chrome OS already has several of the Google Services I use installed. It's cool to see my Google Now cards on the Chrome OS, I am able to know what's going on in a glance.Now the Toshiba Chromebook 2 isn't without it's flaws, the ones I can tell of currently is slight hang ups when scrolling. It doesn't happen all the time but it does if i have several things open at the same time. Besides that the device runs smooth and functions well. Did I mention this laptop is less than $400. For what you are getting for such a low price you won't be disappointed. Thus far i'm happy with my first Chromebook, well done Toshiba.Update Nov 16, 2014: A complete week with the Toshiba Chromebook 2 and it has officially become my go to laptop. Picked up the Amazon basic 13 inch laptop bag to protect it when I travel. The thing I am most impressed with in this device is the boot up time. I open the laptop and there is no lag in connecting to my wifi and being ready to go. The battery life is great, I keep my screen at about 75% and get about 8hrs of on screen time. Only con would still be some hang ups here in there but nothing consistent or major. No regrets in buying this Chromebook.