ALMOST a very nice computer
I was very excited about this computer, looks like a great competitor to the macbook 12 and nearly half the cost.  upon receiving it build quality was very nice, and for the most part the computer was very quick and responsive(thanks to the SSD no doubt) however I had problems.  The main problems were with the screen, tracpad and wifi.the Screen,The display had very lousy color accuracy and the whites were completely blown out.  I'm not an expert nor do I have the equipment to adjust the display properly so this was quite the dissapointment.  in addition to that the matt display had a haze over it that makes anything on the display just look worse than it should.the Wifi adapter, The wifi would continuously cut out on both 2.4 and 5ghz networks tested in different locations with a variety of different routers.  all windows updates were installed, the latest asus drivers were installed and I eventually went and got some third party drivers and nothing worked.The Trackpad:The trackpad is very large and seemingly nice however when using it it is no where near sensitive enough and someone like myself and also my wife who have somewhat moist skin find the trackpad to be very sticky and hard to drag a finger on comfortably.  the acceleration profiles on the trackpad are horrible and trying to do anything both quickly and accurately is impossible.  also the trackpad clicker is both hard to press and extreemely loud, not a pleasant experience at all.minor complaints,The speakers,the speakers don't sound great(expected) however they are VERY quiet, situate yourself in a very quiet room if you expect to use them.sd card reader,the sd card sticks way out and is not a great connection.The Battery:The battery never performed as advertised, in the first two weeks of use it never exceeded 6 hrs, and this is with using IE instead of chrome and being careful not to do anything very power intensive.  using Chrome will take another hour off your battery life.things I like:I love the price, for what you get it is not beatable anywhere else.The keyboard:The keyboard is great, better than that of my macbook I dare say.  lacks backlight however it is very nice to type on.The processor:The processor may be limited to 5W however it is quite a good performer, exporting 35 raw photos from lightroom takes approximately one minute.  I did not try video editing however I was never in a situation that the processor slowed me down much, which honestly is what suprized me most.I really wanted to like this computer and by the specs I feel like I should however with all the problems that I had the computer was returned, I may look at their next generation as I really want a computer in this form factor.