beautifully designed, but flawed and buggy
The laptop is beautifully designed, has great specs, and is a good value.  If all went well, this would be the ideal laptop.  I switched from Mac just because of this model.  But the fan is absurdly loud.  It runs virtually non-stop, even when the laptop is not used for CPU intensive purposes.  (It's louder than my desktop fan.)  The touchpad is overly sensitive, jerky, intermittent, and sometimes non-responsive.  The battery life isn't anywhere close to the advertised duration.  The keyboard is nice, but oftentimes doubles a pressed key (e.g. two letters instead of just one).  Maybe future generations of this laptop will have these issues resolved.  In the meantime, though, these design flaws really undermine the full potential of this product.UPDATE 4/1/15Dell replaced the laptop, and the replacement is much better.  The trackpad is solid, and the keyboard is much sturdier.  The keys still sometimes double up, but less frequently.  The fan was screaming out of the box, but a BIOS update seems to have calmed it significantly.  So, it seems that Dell are working out the kinks.  I will post a further update once I've had more time with the new machine.UPDATE 4/29/15The fan noise appears to be fixed.  The BIOS update helped, and you can further control it with the power management settings.  It hasn't been a problem for me in weeks.The remaining weak spots are the trackpad and keyboard.  The trackpad is much better than on the first generation model but still nowhere close to Apple's: it's jerky, not as precise as the name "precision trackpad" would suggest, and if you rest your thumb on it by accident, it doesn't respond when you try to control the pointer with your other finger, whereas the Mac trackpad is smart enough to overlook the resting thumb.  Maybe future driver updates will fix this.  The keyboard seems too sensitive, and doubles up many of the keys.  I type fast and press the keys pretty hard, but I've used hundreds of keyboards in my life, and I've never had this problem before, so I don't think the fault is entirely mine.  I suspect future generations of the keyboard will have this resolved, too.Other than that, this laptop is a beauty.  If it weren't for these remaining imperfections with the keyboard and trackpad, I'd give it 5 starts.