Great potential, but comes up short
The Hisense Pulse with Google TV would be worth every penny if it did everything it was designed to do without a hitch. At the current price point of less than a hundred dollars, it comes close to being worth the cost even with the risk of a few hitches.Let me get the negatives out of the way first, because I do like the device more than I dislike it. While it might seem like a small issue, I was not able to program the Hisense remote to control either my television or my DVR. I would be more understanding if either of these devices happened to be terribly off brands, but the television is a relatively recent model Samsung and the DVR is Motorola. The inability to program the remote to control the television itself just means that I have to use a separate remote to control the volume, not a big deal at all. However, the lack of communication with my DVR extends beyond the remote and affects the interconnectivity between the DVR and the Pulse itself. Due to the fact that one of the big features of the Pulse is live television integration, transforming a "dumb" TV into a smart TV, this lack of communication left my TV dumb and me a little disappointed.The second let down was the fact that I was never able to get Netflix to operate properly through the Pulse. Whether I try to access Netflix from the home menu, the dedicated remote button, or directly through the online interface, I just end up with a black screen.On to the positives.Internet browsing works flawlessly, and the remote is perfectly designed to get the job done efficiently and effectively. I recently utilized a smart TV, and have to say, as far as casual web browsing and the design of the remote is concerned, I would choose the Pulse.I also really enjoy the PrimeTime application. It collects shows and movies from different sources and displays them in one place. It might not sound that neat, but it is kind of like on the spot comparison shopping for streaming media.If I would have been able to get either Netflix to work or the DVR to connect without issue, I probably would have given the Pulse five stars; because it is pretty cool. I have to imagine that these are not system wide errors, and it might be worth the gamble to try it on your own setup. If you do roll the dice, be sure to pick up a couple of HDMI cables in the process as they are not included.