Cheap and chipper professional's netbook. FAR more useful than a tablet for cheaper
This little machine is a WONDERFUL productivity tool... when you know what you need, and if you use it for work and not video games.I bought this cheap little laptop because my main office laptop from 2011 died, and I just didn't have it in the budget to get another full size main computer.  I figured that, since I had a company laptop for all of my major processing work, this would work well as an email machine and just to "get me by".  But, the more I use it the more I am amazed how this out-performs a windows tablet, android tablet and even an iPad for working professionals!The parts that make this a smart machine for anyone!- Weight: this computer is just a little over 2.5lbs, but it sure doesn't feel like it! It is compact with a slight taper from back to front, and with no disk drives to get in the way, feels VERY compact!- Design: It is a matte grey, which is actually really good for not showing fingerprints, but has a very professional look.  Too many budget netbook/small laptops seem like they are designed for only kids or teenagers in mind, giving them candy coloured shells or strange designs.  This computer is very simple, clean and professional looking- Battery life: I easily get 8+ hours out of my Cloudbook in between web browsing, email, MS Office (Word, Excel, OneNote and PowerPoint) and a bit of light photo editing.  The charger feels a bit of an after thought, but isn't terribly heavy and charges relatively fast.- Inputs/Outputs: Unlike tablets, this machine is actually made to be PRODUCTIVE! It has an *almost* full size keyboard with a pretty decent keypress.  Not the best, but not the worst.  The trackpad is EXCELLENT for a computer at this price!  Two finger scrolling, double tap, pinch to zoom all work great.  I was really shocked by this.  It also comes with a USB 2.0, USB 3.0 and a FULL size HDMI output.  For those of us who do presentations or video elements, there is nothing better than not needing adapters and just being able to use off the shelf cables. It does have an SD card slot, but a standard SD card will stick out halfway, which isn't very useful if you want to permanently increase the small amount of storage that comes with the machine- Windows 10: Anti-Microsoft types can move along, because this blows anything made by Google out of the water. Windows 10 runs pretty good on this machine.  The start menu doesn't pop up as fast as a Surface 4, and it does most HD video fine. But, open more than 6 or 7 browser tabs, mail and an MS Office app and you will start to notice a little slow down.  But, it has proven to be rock solid, and aside from the small factory  memory size, I have run just about every program I need for the administrative side of my job on this no problem! And, when set to the "dark" theme, it looks VERY professional and is way easier on the eyes, especially in the stock Windows Mail and Calendar apps, which work fantastic! Microsoft really does have productivity down and never fails to keep making Google and Apple chase after hard.- Price: I went to the Microsoft Store to buy mine so I could get the 10% educator discount, and only paid $181 for it out the door! But even at the full retail price, this computer is definitely worth every penny and more.  It performs better and looks and feels better than most budget laptops costing $50-100 more- WiFi: 802.11 A/C that kicks butt! Seriously. This device has the best WiFi performance out of anything we own, beating out my wife's Surface Pro, my HP ZBook from work and my iPad mini.  I am never without a signal, and I pick up work networks that are just too far out of range for everyone else.  The Cloudbooks don't come in LTE (Yet), but the amazing performance of the WiFi bumps this to the head of the packBut, there are some downsides, as with any budget machine- Screen: While the matte finish screen is nice, the viewing angles are NOT! And it is a bit low on resolution.  It is fine for office work, but then again, who watches a 4K movie on an 11" screen?- Memory: The RAM is a non-replaceable 2GB, which is to be expected at this price point.  The 11-inch model also only comes in two sizes for eMMC memory: 16GB and 32GB.  I have only seen the 32GB in stores.  The 32GB unit I have installed all of windows, office suites, and about 20 or so marketplace apps.  I also have VLC Media player and a theatre sound effect cuing software called ShowCueSystems, and at the end of the day I have about 5GB left.  Not a lot.  The SD Card would be a savior, but it only accepts the card halfway, leaving the other end sticking out! They do make cut-down SD cards, since Apple screws their users over like this as well, but not all are the right fit.  I have yet to get a cut down card, but when I do I will be sure to revise this review so people know which ones work and don't.  That being said, I have put a 256GB SD card in the machine and it read it just fine!- Webcam: In a word, it SUCKS! Only 640x480.  Bad. Very bad.  And, if you try to plug an HD cam onto it and run the web browser AND video chat software like Skype or Google Hangout, you will get framerate drop that is so bad it is unusable.  This is what knocked a star off for me.- Non-user replaceable RAM or Battery, but these are sold to be disposable, so most people probably won't care. I am sure there is a way to crack into this thing, but it won't be easyIn short, if you are looking for a business machine to replace the tablet that just doesn't quite hack it for being an actual productive machine, this is the one! Cheaper than any windows tablet with the same performance, and loaded with some pretty nice features for a basic machine, this will be the back up device. Leave the iPad for the kids and for reading ebooks.  This should go in your briefcase instead!