REPLACED MY IPAD 3, WAS IT A GOOD DECISION? LETS FIND OUT. IN DEPTH.
This is my third iPad. I decided on a 32GB because I wanted to load movies on it and a lot of music and not worry about space. I mean when they announce a new version of iOS the last thing I wanted to do was delete something dear to me. I was replacing my iPad 3 16GB with an iPad Air 32GB. There have been many changes. Are these changes enough to warrant the need for an upgrade? I am still not entirely certain but I am more happy than sad about doing that. I haven't been able to sell my iPad 3 but its still looking for a new home. So guys, here is what I like about the iPad Air, what I don't like much and what are some key features or new introductions to this device.The Positives of Upgrading to iPad Air -1) It is lighter, the surface area around the display has been reduced, the design is not revolutionary by any length of a realistic understanding of science but it still has the same battery life. It has lost that annoying 30 pin connector which seems so inconvenient to the new lightning port. I can use this one hand, I can expect the same battery life, the volume button on the iPad 3 seemed less delicate, the iPad Air definitely feels a lot more delicate than the iPad 3 which seems so robust now when I pick it up. But overall I would give them 4 stars for the design changes.  I wish it never heated up though but purely from the WEIGHT difference I think its good, the screen for some reason looks better, it must be the upgraded graphic chip.2) The Sound - This is the biggest winner for me. Imagine not having to turn the sound to 100% on your iPad air. It rivals my matchbook air in terms of how loud it is, yes it isn't as loud or roomy or filling but it is more than satisfying. They now have two speakers so its a stereo sound. It is louder than my iPhone 5 and certainly more clear, catchy, bass adoring than I would image from an iPad. This was the surprise winner for me. A bit of a let down in terms of design is that if you're lying and watching a film in portrait mood the speaker sound may be muffled by your stomach/body part in contact with the base of the iPad air. The solution is LANDSCAPE mode. The two speakers are now located on the left and right side of the charging port. No complaints on this. The iPad 3 is maybe 30% as loud as the iPad air.3) Battery Life/Faster Charging Speed - I don't know why but I feel the iPad 3 had a longer battery when it was new. A new apple iPad will last you so long, it will need for you to bore it to death to bring it from 100% to 64%. Yes, this is the case with the new iPad but it isn't as good but overall the fact that charging time seems to have reduced by half is a big big big big winner for me. So overall, no complaints. I don't get 13-14 hours like I used to with my iPad 3. I get 11 hours. Yes, I make the best use of the new sound feature. The fact that it charges faster means I don't need to pull it out before 100% and this is a good thing for the battery. With the iPad 3, I have to wait for it to be 100% charged and it can take unto 8 hours. This has been reduced by almost half and I feel 4-5 hours will give you a 100%.4) Processor - The iOS 7 clearly stalls a bit on the iPad 3. Did I notice this before buying the iPad Air? Yes cause my iPhone 5 was faster than the iPad 3. If you're playing quiz up, everything loads in seconds, if you are browsing, it goes boom boom boom like my macbook air. Well nothing quite compares to browsning on the AIR but this is very good. iPad Air is the best device for youtube because of the loud speaker, I can sit with it for hours and discover various things. The processor seems to heat a lot less. There  is never a lag on anything. It doesnt think so much.5) Camera - Camera has improved from the iPad 3. Both the front and the back is more defined. Do I use this? Why wouldn't i?COULD HAVE BEEN BETTERS' WITH THIS IPAD AIR -1) Headphone Jack Placement/Volume Output -  This isn't as loud when using with headphones as the iPad 3 used to be. It is a more customised sound. The headphone jack is located at the same place where it used to be but because the surface area is smaller, I have found that when I am lying down and using my iPad AIR, the wires often get a bit entangled.2) The iPad Air still heats up. I can't for the life of me figure out why I pay a company so much money when they make a product that heats up on full brightness. This is one hell of an annoying feature.3) The back on the iPad Air, the volume buttons, the power button, the menu button - they all seem a bit too delicate in comparison with the iPad 3. This is just an intuition or impression but I can't help but feel it needs to be treated gently.4) Safari has been needing an overhaul for the longest and I feel they need a better browser than the one they have right now. It often freezes on my iPad 3. It should be perfect like iMessage is perfect, like FaceTime is close to perfect, like email is perfect, it isn't quite up there. I would give it a 6/10 in terms of potential.5) iBooks - I read on my iPad more than anything else but the iBooks software also needs some more options of backgrounds and schemes. Apple plays safe for far too long but they need to give more options to make READERS WANT TO READ MORE.6) Syncing iTunes is a bit confusing. There should be more education given to all customers about preferred type of WIFI networks, sometimes applications don't update, I have no idea why they are doing this. I have to go to airplane mode and then go back up. The iCloud feature needs 10GB and Apple need to stop being a cheapskate.Conclusion  -Get the iPad Air if you are looking for something with good design quality, good battery, an extra lightning cable (half joke) , something faster, smoother...this is about a 31% improvement over the iPad 3. Thats a big deal.Of my iPhone, macbook Air, iPad Air - I have always liked the iPads the most. They have reliable battery and never ever ever die on you like the other two. Its that simple and that keen.If they take into account some of the things I didn't like about this product, Apple can be made better overall. Ha!Buy the BLACK one, a WHITE IPAD a strict no.