Standard Performance but Flawed Hardware
Initial Review After 2 Week Use 3/14/15 [Will Update with Full Review Later]I bought my laptop from Asus brand new on Amazon.It gets the job done. I bought this for quick web browsing, light gaming, and college coursework. This was in my price range of $270. I did quite a lot of research and I knew this laptop was going to be fairly basic and if it became problematic it was only 200 or so dollars and I bought the extended warranty. I bought his laptop specifically because I needed the keyboard use, mouse use, and a laptop that was lightweight but could still handle helping me with homework. I have a desktop so I wasn't too heavily reliant on this laptop.Initial Concerns:1)  I have used a wireless mouse since I unboxed the laptop however the trackpad has stopped working and its only been a week so I don't see why the trackpad would stop working. I am very disappointed in the quality of this laptop's trackpad. I expected more from Asus.2) The screen will occasionally flicker back and forth from a blue hue to its standard colors.It doesn't really impair with any of my work and it happens very rarely so I choose to ignore it assuming its a glitch of some sort.3) My laptop did not come with a restore disk as my laptop does not have a cd/dvd drive. You have to use your own USB drive to download the System Restore information in case one day the worse happens and you need to restore your laptop. I bought a 16 GB flash drive not knowing how much I would need to use for the system restore. It used up 11 GB out of my entire flash drive. Once you create that Recovery Flash Drive you cannot use it for any other purpose so be sure to use one you won't need in the future.4) Using the Audio Input jack was frustrating because of RealTek, the audio program installed in the laptop. There was such a delay in recognizing earphones and sometimes the audio would just play out of the speakers even with the earphones plugged in. After uninstalling this I was able to use my earphones without any problems.5) Although this laptop has Microsoft Office on its main screen you do not get a full subscription of it to use on your laptop.. At best you get a free trial. This frustrated me but I should have done more research. I opted instead for installing LibreOffice, a free alternative to Microsoft Office.6) Its a very simple laptop so don't expect to run multiple intensive programs at once. It will stutter and pause if its handling too much at once. Just take it easy. And as for gaming it can handle Mass Effect 2 & 3 as well as Skyrim but be sure to only play for a short amount of time per session because you will burn out your laptop and remember that this is not intended as a gaming laptop so if you want your laptop to last a long time take it easy on the gaming.Overall, if this is in your price range and you like the weight and features but are still willing to put up with any of the initial things I listed above go for the purchase. Otherwise you may need to look into a higher grade laptop for a higher price. But sometimes you get what you pay for. I expected Asus to at least make a trackpad that works beyond a week and a screen that does not flicker. I had high hopes for Asus as I have heard nothing but good things about their company but now that I have my laptop I do have some warnings to tell my friends in the future.Update! 3/18/15I got my replacement laptop in very quickly. I've very pleased with Amazon's responsiveness to my replacement request. In terms of the new laptop I have not noticed the screen flickering and the trackpad works well. I was going to give this a week to see how things went but today is only the second day of owning this replacement laptop, which I have barely touched other than setting it up, and I notice that they spacebar is sticking. This did not happen with the first laptop they sent me but its still very disappointing in terms of quality. I want to make this laptop my main laptop for light travel and homework but first I need to get one that isn't defective. I've always praised Amazon for having wonderful customer service and I have heard great things about Asus laptops I just wish I could get a product that wasn't defective so I can review it properly. I'm going to try once more with Asus to get a working laptop without defects so hopefully the third times makes a difference. Its disappointing that I had to go through all of that customization just to find another defect in my brand new laptop. I will update if I try for a third time to get a replacement laptop.Last Edit: 4/3/15I did not try to get a third replacement. Quite honestly I just had a disappointing experience with this laptop's important defects like the trackpad or the keyboard. It wasn't worth the constant waiting for a replacement with the hope that maybe the new one would arrive and not be defective. Overall, I'd just say do your research and find a laptop in your price range. If possible get it from a store near you so that if you do need to return it then you can do it quickly and not have to wait so long. Overall, if I had gotten a laptop without defects I would have liked this laptop well enough but seeing as I didn't I'm going to stick with my current rating.