Best bang for the buck, easily
Don't pay too much attention to the clocked speed of the processor.I was pretty skeptical at first, and to be honest I was really on the fence about getting a notebook with a processor under 1GHz.Everything else was exactly what I was looking for, especially the 1920x1080 resolution, which is harder to find at a similar price point. After looking at other machines with the same kind of form factor and similar specifications, I took the plunge and bought this one. I'm very happy. With the SSD and 8GB of RAM, it certainly does not feel slow at all. Everything is very snappy and UI elements are crisp and sharp. As I'm writing this, the battery is sitting at 98% and telling me slightly more than 10 hours are left on the charge, this being with auto brightness on (pretty low, though) and the processor currently reporting in at 998MHz.The computer feels solid, the keys on the keyboard feel nice and don't click as I type like the cheaper versions of chiclet keys, and the ports on this thing outnumber most other machines in this weight class it seems. The best part: ASUS took the high road and put a great Windows image on this thing - the OS with a fair patching, all the drivers, and that's it; no bloatware, no crappy trials... just a nice, clean, fresh OS. Kudos, ASUS.I have ONE complaint, and it is only a minor one, at most - the trackpad. The trackpad fits the machine in terms of design, but the clicking action is a little loud for my taste. I'm also used to a separate button(s) for the trackpad, and perhaps this why I'm having issues right now, but if you're trying to click on things you just can't have two fingers on the trackpad. My mode of operation is to have my thumb on the left mouse button and my index finger doing the tracking, but with this style of trackpad that tends to result in misclicks and slightly incorrect highlights.All in all, I'm definitely happy with this purchase and would do it again in a heartbeat. A word to the wise - if you're going to reformat, be sure to make a clone of the drive; it comes with a recovery partition that makes restoring to "factory default" easy, and I'd say that's a nice thing to keep around.