Simple fix makes this a wonderful laptop
First of all, I purchased this laptop from the Microsoft store instead of Amazon which comes with no bloat ware and is optimized for Windows (whatever that means).  I was really excited to unbox the laptop and begin using it immediately as this is the lightest and thinnest laptop that I've ever owned and it supposedly gets 10+ hours of battery life.  And as many other reviews have stated, you get a lot of bang for the buck.  At the moment no other laptop gives you a 256gb ssd and 8gb of ram for $699.  The only other feature I wished it has is a backlit keyboard.  I primarily use the laptop for surfing the web, light word processing, and some spreadsheet work and when working on the bed with the lights off, a backlit keyboard is a must.I didn't run any benchmarks, but all of the work I've done on it so far has gone smoothly.  One thing I did check is the battery life.  I got about 7.5 hours of use off my first charge which I'm happy with since I travel quite a bit and can usually recharge before the battery runs out.  I couldn't say the same for my previous laptop which needed charging after 3 hours so this is a major improvement.Almost everything about the laptop was perfect....the touchpad however drove me crazy.  For some reason I felt the right click made more noise than it should and just pressing it didn't feel like it clicked properly.  It felt like the touchpad was loose and made a clattering noise every time I pressed it.  I went back to the store and checked out the demo unit and the touchpad on the demo unit was firm and tight fitting.  Then I googled the problem and it seems like others were having the issue too.  I exchanged the laptop for another one and it had the same problem.  I then exchanged it one more time and the 3rd laptop still had the problem!  I was really bummed and was about to return it for a full refund.  I really wanted to keep the computer, but every time I clicked the touchpad it just bothered me.I searched for a fix and came across a website that showed how to disassemble the laptop.  I was fairly hopeful that if I opened it up, I could easily fix the issue with some electrical tape which would tighten the gap that was making the touchpad behave the way it did.  Well I gently opened the back cover and examined the touchpad area.  I lightly tapped around and noticed that if I pressed against the bottom plate of the touchpad, the touchpad felt much better.  So I added a couple strips of electrical tape and sealed everything back up.  It was enough tape for the bottom cover to firmly press against the touchpad and now it is 99% better.I would have easily given this laptop 5 stars, but because of this touchpad issue I'm only giving it 4.  If I could not have remedied that problem, I probably would have just returned the laptop and give it a 2 star rating.  I wouldn't recommend this fix for everyone since I probably voided my warranty.  But now that the touchpad doesn't clatter, I feel like its worth it.