The best tablet just got better
When the first iPad was released in the spring of 2010, it was accompanied by a cacophony of jokes about its name and its size. Three and a half years later, the release of the iPad Air, the fifth full-size tablet Apple has offer, has been much calmer. This is the fourth full-size iPad I have owned, beginning with the AT&T; 3G model which was released in May, 2010, about a month after the first WiFi only iPads arrived. Every one of my iPads has had an AT&T; cellular data.Until this model I have purchased the largest capacity solid state drive Apple has offered. This year there is a 128GB iPad, which costs about $100 more than my 64GB model. Here is the reason I did not select the higher capacity-iCloud. Data stored on iCloud is instantly available across multiple IOS and OSX devices. With all that storage (I buy 50GBs annually) why duplicate it on a hard disk?The iPad Air is incredibly light(about a pound) and has a slightly smaller external footprint than previous models. The retina display actually seems sharper, if such a thing is possible. It also holds a charge for even longer than before.Beyond the physical beauty of the iPad Air is its amazing utility. As a trial lawyer I can easily access the firm's network. This means that  every file and every document is instantly at my command. In just a few years time I have learned that I no longer need to drag loads of paper files and depositions with me to court.Over 400,000 apps are built exclusively for iPad, and well over a million iPhone apps run on my device as well. It is an incredibly powerful platform, well on its way to replacing laptops for all but the most labor intensive tasks. When I travel, I typically bring only my iPad-no laptop, no hard copy of a file.  I didn't really appreciate just how dependent I had become on the iPad until this June when a federal judge held that  I could bring  either a laptop or a tablet into the courthouse. I chose the iPad.My weapon of choice-the iPad. This is the one tablet to buy if you are serious about using a tablet. It's pricy, but it may well be, the perfect tablet.