Great laptop with minor design flaw.
It's only my first day with my new Chromebook and so far I am in love with it. I was agonizing about which size, brand and even color laptop to choose. Should I stick with Windows or try Chromebook? So many questions and even more answers to confuse me.I wound up choosing this ASUS Chromebook based on over 1,200 positive reviews here. I chose the Red color and love it. It's not a fire engine red but more of a blood orange color which I really like. I don't find it garish in the slightest which I was a bit afraid of, and I find it to be pretty stylish actually.Right out of the box it turned on instantly like a tablet and the battery was already at 35% charged. This is my first non Windows laptop and after a bit of initial navigating and exploring, I find I don't miss Windows at all. My sole need for this laptop is surfing the internet, writing e mail, shopping, paying bills, banking, watching Netflix & Amazon and just basic web browsing. If that's your need as well, then this is a great choice!Time will tell if my 5 star review holds up so i'm going to come back in about 3 months to leave an update on my review. We'll see if i'm still as giddy about my new Chromebook at that time lol. But today, I highly recommend it to people with the same laptop needs as mine.Oh, I almost forgot....I asked a question here before I bought about the 13.3 size. For years, i've used a 17" laptop at home (that's dying) and my Amazon Fire tablet for travel, and I was wondering if this 13.3 size would be a good replacement for both, and my conclusion is that it sure is...and perfectly I might add.I already threw my 17" into the closet and will gladly be using this ASUS as my main home computer and will happily be taking it along with me on travels and leave my Fire at home. To me, this is a perfect size home & travel computer!EDIT: 7/20/15 : I'm back after only one day to share my experience so far with a minor problem. It's the hard edge of the laptop where the hand rests while using the trackpad. It's so hard edged and sharp to me that it's uncomfortable. I don't know why they made it this way. The edges could stand to be much more rounded to accommodate the palm when it rests there.  I find it's really a pain (yes, pun intended) and while i'm not going to return it for such a minor issue, i'm searching online for pads that will work for this model to help make it more comfortable.Hopefully ASUS people read these reviews and will take this into consideration when designing their next model. I think many of us would much prefer comfort over style. And if anyone has recommendations for good pads to get for this, feel free to suggest as i'm still searching. I still like this laptop....just hate the sharp edged design so i'm taking one star off my review bringing it down to 4 stars.*****Edit 8/22/25*****So after a month of using my Chromebook daily I still love and recommend it. I am getting used to the sharp edge...I just learned to keep my hand off it while browsing the web. I never bought anything for it as far as a hand rest...I just live with it. Other than the edge, I am very happy with this little laptop.I love how I can just open it up and i'm online within 2 seconds! THe performance is fast, but then again I never have more than 3 tabs open at once as I just use this for web surfing, e mail, shopping (on Amazon of course!), and Netflix which works great on this.I haven't yet traveled with it yet, but I personally feel it's just a tad too big for comfortable travel, and i'd probably leave it at home and just take my Fire tablet with me....but i'm also now considering buying the 11.6 inch Chromebook for travel since i'm so happy with this one!The only thing i'd change is the color...I like the red that I have...but I think i'd go for the blue one next time....Still 4 stars from me for this one!EDITED AGAIN 9/2/15I took off another star for something that really really bugs me. I know it's not the way I type because it ONLY happens with this Chromebook keypad.I'll type the first letter of a word capitalized...and almost 90% of the time the 2nd letter will capitalize also and I have to go back to lower case it. In the beginning, it was a minor annoyance, but after a while it's really really annoying.So many sentences look like this in this example....."THe name of this laptop is CHromebook. I bought it from AMazon.com.".....the shift key must stick for a second or so causing the second letter to capitalize....so then I have to go back and lowercase the second letters on those words....so so annoying!"...I think it has to do with the keyboard so i'm taking off a star for that. Other than that....it's an good laptop. I would love this completely if the sharp edge was more rounded and the cap problem would go away.EDIT 10/6/15I'm now experiencing random freezing and I have to close the browser and reopen again. It doesn't happen too often and the browser opens back instantly again, it's still very annoying. I'm leaving it at 3 stars because I still like it, but starting to wonder just how long this will last before it's going to become more and more annoying that i'll just dump it for another laptop.