Very nice hardware for the price! Lightweight, a joy to use
I've been using Android products mainly, but I first delved into touch devices with the first generation iPod Touch so I am familiar with iOS to an extent. For the past few years I've used Android FroYo, Gingerbread, Ice Cream Sandwich, and now Jelly Bean. I also have a Kindle Fire HD. The iPad Air is my first iPad, and I chose to go with the iPad Air because it has a much higher resolution than the best Android Tablets, with a really slick dual-core CPU and quad-core GPU. The Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 is a close second but is more expensive than the iPad Air which was on sale during a Black Thursday promotion. The Galaxy Tab 3 just doesn't even come close with the screen resolution.The iOS 7 interface is OK. I prefer Jelly Bean's interface. Although clean and simple, the iOS interface isn't intuitive. There are too many sub-menus interwoven in odd areas. To change language, I have to go into no less than 2 sub-menu layers. Siri is fine, but Google Now/Google Search was far more intelligent and effective. Siri's default US female voice is much more realistic and smoother, but Google Now's other voices along with IVONA rectify that situation fairly well.The battery life on the iPad Air is very good. After an hour or so, I'm still above 90%. The WiFi is fast, and the overall UI is smooth. The movie/graphics playback is super fast. I can watch Flash based movies/video within the Safari browser without any hiccups.Compared to my 7 inch Kindle Fire HD, I felt that the 9.7 inch (Air's display size) or 10 inch screen size is just right, but only because the iPad Air is extremely thin and lightweight. The 7 inch KFHD is large enough to be usable for reading magazines, but it is not a good use of space. I have to flick through 2 or 3 screens while the iPad Air will show the entire page (in a very legible font size) in one screen. The KFHD is also heavy, so hopefully the new KFHDX is thinner and lighter.I used to make fun of Apple for going with the Lightning connector, but after using it up close, I can understand why it is innovative. It is made out of a solid chunk of metal with contacts on both sides. There's no "right" way of plugging it in, unlike USB where I constantly flip it around trying to figure out which side is up. But I still feel micro-USB is the right way to go, due to its universal acceptance with devices. The included 12W power adapter can actually charge the iPad Air at up to 14W of power based on what I saw with my Kill-A-Watt.With respect to the hardware and design, the iPad Air is outstanding at this price point. Aside from the hardware, the bulk of the iPad Air and Apple experience centers around iTunes, iCloud, and other Apple software. This is an area where I feel Google far surpasses Apple. The Apple ID system is cumbersome and annoying to use. I had to login probably a dozen times during the registration process, and buying/installing free apps required me to enter my password each time. It didn't seem like all of Apple's programs were tightly integrated because I had to use my Apple ID each time I fired up the apps for the first time. Once everything was setup and installed, it seemed fine. That said, installing and running Google's apps on the iPad was significantly less painful. The first time I used my Google account for an app (I believe it was YouTube), all of the other Google Apps recognized me and started syncing. Google Now/Google Search also puts Siri to shame, albeit Siri seems more "human" with basic functions. For instance, asking about the weather, Siri actually told me (In Chinese and English) that the weather wasn't very good at 27F. Doing basic searches, Siri and Google Now are about equal, but Google Now seems more intelligent with some of the intermediate activities like unit conversions or advanced searches.I never liked iTunes in the past, and my opinion has not changed with ITunes 11. It is overly complex to use. With Google/Android, I can access Play with a browser and have new apps sent to my devices with the greatest of ease. Syncing calendar events, email, contacts, etc... is also far easier with just using a browser versus the iTunes program on my PC. The good news is that iTunes isn't too bad to use on the iPad. Running Zinio, Conde Naste magazine apps, and other apps was smooth and problem-free.For those that like to use their tablet for browsing or reading magazines, or watching videos, I'd highly recommend a 10 inch display (the Air is 9.7" but falls in the range). My 7 inch Kindle Fire is fine to use, but it is frustrating to use for magazines due to the amount of panning that is needed. After using the iPad Air, my Samsung Galaxy S3 feels claustrophobic with its 4.9" display.Overall: 5/5 stars, the iPad Air is a well-designed device with great hardware especially with the Black Thursday/Friday promotions. However, Apple has a lot of catching up to do with respect to its software designs. I very much prefer Google's ecosystem as it is more "cloud-based" than what Apple is trying to do. Google's ecosystem feels almost seamlessly integrated while Apple's ecosystem felt more separated.