Very Impressive!
I was in the market for a new laptop after my old standby started to glitch out. I hadn't considered an Ultrabook (or Zenbook) laptop. I don't carry it often so the weight wasn't an issue. And I usually prefer larger screens. But after trying this I am blown away by how much I appreciate it!PROs+ The small size and lightness actually do make this a better device. I hadn't ever considered using a laptop on my lap or at the couch or taking it with me until now. This is so light and so easy to move around that I love these features now. I didn't actually realize just how heavy my old laptop really was until I tried this.+ The specs on this make it one of the best deals I've seen. I've been putting together a PC that can handle gaming based on specs from PC Gamer and was looking at doing about $600 to $1200 depending on which level of piece. That wouldn't count the screen costs. This comes in at the low end of that price range but runs games really, really well. I connected my Steam account and started playing some of my favorites and I'm doing so on higher resolutions with all the graphic options selected. It's really sweet.+ I absolutely love booting from a solid state drive! I power on and in about 10 seconds I am fully up and running. This opens apps and programs instantly. The performance of this SSD has me looking at swapping out all my core drives on my PCs.+ The screen is small, but it looks terrific. It starts in 1920x1080 and looks great on games and videos.CONs- As great as the screen looks, I think I would still prefer 15 or greater inch screens.- Windows 10 is much better than 8 or 8.1. But sometimes games or apps aren't yet ready for it. I was playing Civ V, for instance, and it hung. Instead of allowing me to crash to or switch to the desktop I had to power down. I think this is because of the drivers and this doesn't happen on Windows 8.1 devices I have. I couldn't even get the Windows key to push the app to a window. If this isn't Windows 10, it could be the hardware or configuration of the laptop. Either way, I'm hoping time and updates fix these rare glitches.The amount of times I've had trouble with this machine is so few that I'm not going to take any marks off for it. Also, if you're shopping for a 13 inch screen the screen size of finding one shouldn't be a mark down either. I'm so impressed by this laptop that it has quickly become my default PC at home and my gaming PC as well. I recommend you get a Bluetooth mouse (I just tried Logitech's M535 and it connected and works great). I love this!