A Great Performing Device That Should Have Your Attention
If you are search of a laptop running windows 10 and has an i7 processor for running Call of Duty 60 frames per second with a 3 hour battery life, this is ABSOLUTELY not the laptop your looking for. For me that's completely fine because what this laptop is supposed to do is offer a nice speedy browsing web performance and have a gorgeous display for it's $330 price-tag and it delivers. This thing is actually built pretty well. It is fairly light at right under 3 pounds and has a design that doesn't make it look particularly ugly. It actually looks quite nice.The keyboard and trackpad are quite a pleasure to use. They feel and perform great. For this price you actually do get a pretty well built laptop.Probably the most interesting thing about this device is the 1080p IPS display and in a nutshell, it's FREAKING beautiful! It gets very bright and is actually visible outdoors! Viewing angles are great and it's a pleasure to stare at and admire videos and pictures. If you don't know what an IPS display is, it's a technology used that allows awesome viewing angles and a clear sharp picture. Most other Chromebooks (albeit the pixel, HP and a couple 11 inches) use a tn panel which results in a pretty mediocre picture and bad viewing angles even though it might have a 1080p resolution *Cough* Cough* Acer Chromebook 13 and Samsung Chromebook 2 *Cough* *Cough*. One warning is that there is a slight backlight bleeding which is common in IPS displays, but its hardly noticeable in nearly everything you do.With this large, bright, beautiful display, one concern might be the battery life. Fear not, this thing is also pretty great at battery life. After 12 hours of use with the display at near full brightness and about 4 1/2-5 hours of screen time, it's rocking at 42% percent. It should last you a whole day of average work and movie watching. Speaking of movie watching, with this awesome display also comes  a great set of speakers tuned by Skullcandy. They are very loud and crisp and make listening to music or movies quite a blast.The processor is an Intel Bay Trail Processor which allows the device to be fanless (Sweet!) and to have that great battery life. It has a hiccup hear and there, but the majority of the time it runs quite smooth. Currently I have 6 tabs open and one is streaming music and everything is smooth as butter. This device also gets updates often which makes the performance a bit better the more you use it.If you are on the fence looking for a Chromebook or a laptop that is consumer friendly and performs out of its price range, this is your guy. If you even have the slightest consideration in getting this, just get it. You will not regret it. An all in all great device with an awesome bright full HD IPS display, a pretty decent keyboard and track pad, an attractive build, a great battery, and in overall phenomenal performer for under $350. This is the best laptop you can get for your well earned bucks and it actually makes you feel like you got a bargain because you did!