Another Excellent Product from Lenovo
Overall I'm very pleased. Officially my rating is probably 4.5/5 stars due to a couple of annoying features but these are ultimately minor.Hardware:A little bit bigger than my last Lenovo netbook, but about half the thickness and a little less blocky. The whole thing feels sturdy, which I've come to expect from Lenovo. It is slightly heavier than the netbook.The hinges are sturdy and will hold at whatever angle I try. Screen is very nice and slick, but it gets dirty easily. I have noticed the touchscreen has some issues clicking buttons in Firefox but that could be my unpracticed fingers. I don't notice really any bounce or shaking when scrolling on the screen as some reviews online had mentioned. Touchpad is kind of annoying. Sometimes it's hypersensitive, and other times it doesn't pick up on what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I go to move the cursor and instead the right sidebar pops out and the date/time in the lower lefthand corner. Decent battery life (5-6 hours) and doesn't appear to heat up all that much.Software:This is my first run with Windows in quite a few years, I've been using Linux on my previous netbook. 8.1 is neat, though I'm finding the start screen side a little limited. It switches between desktop and start screen mode flawlessly, though, and the latter can be fully stripped down and made to only have the things I use most frequently (Firefox, OpenOffice, Kindle--I really like that it came with Kindle already on it). The apps store is a little limited and I spent a good 90 minutes uninstalling about half the stuff it came with. Some of the programs are redundant (multiple camera programs, for instance). The screen rotates when in tablet mode so you can put it on its side and read. I am having trouble with the lefthand panel on the start screen in tablet mode. Other than closing unused programs (which I can't figure out how to do except right click with the mouse) I'm still not sure what the point of it is and can't figure out how to turn it off. The placement of other buttons on the screen is also a little counterintuitive and takes a bit of time to learn.Both Lenovos I have are factory refurbished and I'm overall quite pleased. My IdeaPad s10 gave me almost 5 years of service. The only reason I got a new one is because I dropped the other one down a flight of stairs and I can't really bring a computer into a professional environment that's being held together by ducttape. (It runs fine, if that says anything about Lenovo's durability.)  Looking forward to another nice long stretch with this one. :)