Chromebook ....
Great Service and shipping and everything is great, with regards to my purchase and the vendor -- Two Thumbs Up!!BUT with regards to the product ... well, let me just say this:  "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!"  Plain and simple!Indeed, the price was very competitive!  Yep.  Looks like i got this baby at a very low price!  It was cheap -- dirt cheap!But then again ... i soon realized exactly why this brand new Chromebook was selling at such low, low prices ........ this netbook/laptop/chromebook works perfectly fine, everything works fine!!  BUT the quality of the material is very,very low quality standards!  For example, the keyboard feels like it's gonna stop working soon .... my previous chromebook,was expensive, but it was nice and heavy, the keyboard buttons and all of that -- it felt like i was driving a brand newFerrari or Lamborghini ... it was smooth and flawless -- the perfect chromebook!!  BUT ''this'' new chromebook is very, verylightweight, but then again, it feels fragile, like it's gonna give any moment and break because like i said previously ...because of the cheap materials used in creating this low quality keyboard -- i feel like i'm driving an old car that's about tofall apart .... but at least it works fine!  Well, those are my main complaints!  BUT on the other side of the coin, this Chromebookdoes have some positive attributes, such as:  There are no viruses, and there is no need to worry about viruses, since it loadsa new version every time you boot it .... so basically, it's virus-free!!  Which is good ... and also, it charges up semi-fast, and then,once it's fully charged, the battery life lasts forever, which is also another good thing!!  It also powers up very fast!  And it alsoshutsdown very fast! THE ONLY THING THAT I REALLY HATE is that ... there is NO CAPS LOCK Button!!  Which is a pain!i need to hold on the SHIFT button to type in CAPS!!  Instead it has some USELESS button that simply opens up a new window!The guy that designed this new feature needs to get tossed out and put in the trash can -- or FIRED!!  Perhaps, he thought he wasa genius with this new little gimmick, but it's mainly, something that i find very annoying!  On a good note, this baby comes with anice selection of Free Apps, which is a plus!  And it also has a store, with tons of free apps and extensions -- i love THAT!!The speakers are okay .... it's lightweight .... what else??  Yeah, but the keyboard is probably my main complaint!  Terrible keyboard ....Clunky keyboard that makes a lot of noise, when you press the keys -- any keys (i.e. shift button, ctrl button, alt button, abc's, etc.) ....Very, very noisy keyboard .... clunky and noisy .... cheap quality ... cheap material -- the keyboard .... hmmmm, what else??it comes with USB, which is good because EVERYBODY uses USB .... well, mostly everyone .... it comes with the Chrome OS,which i love -- i hate Microsoft .... so, i'm sure glad that i finally separated myself from Microsoft .... oh yeah!!  Google Chrome OS isfar way more superior vs. Microsoft .... in my personal opinion, of course .... the monitor/screen is semi-big, which is a plus!Overall, i liked my previous chromebook better, but then again it cost me an arm and a leg .... and THIS one is fairly priced ....it's very economical, but the quality is not the best .... but it gets the job done!  And perhaps, i am no longer driving across thecountry in my Jaguar or Ferrari .... but at least this little Honda Accord gets me from point A to point B and C -- it gets the job done!And that's the bottom line .... cuz Stone Cold said so!  Ha!(eom)