Great device - Here are some tips!
This would be a verified purchase but Amazon has been out of stock for several weeks. I bought it at a big box retailer that happened to have a few of these in stock. To sum it up, this is a great Chromebook!It's my first Chromebook because I was waiting for the whole field to mature. The screen is beautiful that is viewable at multiple angles - no tilting the screen to get it "just right." It's snappy fast, comfortable to type on and the huge touchpad is a pleasure to use. The 2-3 finger gestures make it even better (e.g. two-fingers to scroll the page). It is fanless so you are going to get a little warmth underneath but I don't think it's terrible.Since many reviews touch on all the details, I'll just share a few tips based on my adoption of the Chromebook...TIP #1: I lowered the resolution for everyday use. At 1080, many items on the screen are just too small for me. I know you can adjust the magnification and font size in Chrome but the tabs, bookmarks bar and URL line remain tiny along with some of the non-Chrome apps. Reducing the resolution increases the size of everything and has caused no problems for me. Still looks great! I bump it up if I am working with a photo or watching a video.TIP #2: Read a few "Chromebook Tips" articles on the web. There are several handy things you can pick up about Chrome OS in these articles. Some of what I learned made this already great little laptop even more of a pleasure to use.TIP #3: You get 100GB of free Google Drive space but I didn't find anything that told me how to get it. Maybe I missed it? You'll want to search Google for "chromebook goodies" and there you'll find the offer along with a couple others (Google Music free trial and an airport WiFi pass program).TIP #4: Not necessarily a tip but an FYI. You don't get all 16GB for storage. If you want more storage, use the built in SD card slot. The nice thing about it is that when you have a card inserted, it is flush with the body of the laptop, doesn't stick out, so you could probably just leave it in there. I haven't really needed more memory but it's there if you want to carry music/video for offline use.Hope that helps you post-purchase. If you are looking for a Chromebook, this is one of if not the best one out there!