Fantastic Laptop, Few Shortcomings
I have had this laptop for about a week, and I would like to make other buyers aware of a few facts that are not initially specified.The Good-First off, the laptop does not have just 802.11a/g/n wireless, it is a full Dual-band wireless AC wireless card.  This is based off what the system is telling and showing me.  The wireless send speeds jump up around 320 kbps.-The SSD it comes with is quite quick as well, and has around 203 GB free, which is plenty of room for the average user.-Running multiple videos at 1080p is a breeze, the system comes with 8 GB of RAM and I have yet to see it go above 5 GB's in use.-Having never used 3.0 ports before much, I was happy to see that my 2.0 format equipment worked flawlessly with the system.-The core M's .8ghz rating can be a bit of a sticker shock, but fear not as the system fluctuates in its speed, as demanded.  When idling or when doing basic typing or word processing, the core stays around .79 ghz to reduce battery life. When under higher demands, the core will ramp up past 1 ghz-The screen is Full HD, not just 1366/768.  I can appreciate that the screen has a no-glare, matte finish.  My external monitor has a glossy finish and reflects sunlight straight into my eyes, while this laptop's screen does not.  Also, you might want to calibrate the screen out of the box and increase the font size, as it can strain the eyes a little bit to read text, and the gamma is a bit off out of the box.-I really appreciate the fact that there is no fan. There is absolutely no noise whatsoever coming from the machine.  However this does create a bit of a problem, refer below for more information on this.-The keyboard is solid, and has a satisfying feeling when typing.The Neutral-The laptop is not black in any way, shape, or firm.  The lid is a nice dark grey/brown, but the inside is a metallic purple/grey.  I like to think of it as more of a luxury brown.  I wish it was full on black, but I am quite alright with a nice brown.The BadThe USB ports are quite tight, and small.  The body of the laptop is barely thick enough to include USB ports, and it does not really surprise me that they are so tight and small.  The USB on the front left is the tightest, and takes some effort to insert drives and other applications.-The lid does collect fingerprints pretty easily, not too badly though.  However, the bottom is another story, and gets smudged up quite quickly.  But I don't mind, as how much will you be looking at the bottom of the laptop?  Almost never..-The MAJOR point I would like to talk about quickly, is the system's tendency to become quite hot.  On the day I received it and set it up, it heated up to the point were it was uncomfortable to handle.  Keep in mind the core can handle high temperatures, but may hurt the system in the process and yourself. I will be running an external monitor from this computer and am concerned about the heat, so I have purchased a cooling pad to stick under this. Hopefully, it can take the heat down a notch.  i. The palm rest, touch pad, keyboard, and sides all stay cold and  comfortable.  However, the top of the keyboard, directly underneath the ASUS logo, becomes quite hot.  It is almost unbearable.  This is only occurring under high loads such as games and playing multiple, high res videos.  It is otherwise quite easy to carry around, and place on the lap to type and to browse the web.  ii.  There is also a heat vent hidden directly underneath where the laptop hinge is.  It spans the full width of the laptop and seems to do a decent job at dissipating heat.ConclusionWhile this laptop does have several drawbacks, mainly the heat problem, it is an excellent buy.  It includes the latest hardware(Core M, SSD, AC Wireless, 3.0 ports, etc) and includes it in a well-built chassis that is full metal.  The form factor is less than that of a macbook air, while its hardware is on par with it.In short, go ahead and buy it.I will drop by again in a few months time if anything occurs or if I notice anything people should know about.