Happy customer
Pure awesomeness.The laptop is very well made. It feels very sturdy, light and thin. Very close to a Macbook. The shell is made of aluminum.The speed is amazing. There is hardly any lag. For example, when I click to go to the internet it loads very fast. The downloading time for anything is also very fast. At one point I had like 30 tabs open at the same time and all good. I compare this laptop to a smartphone's speed because as we all know smartphone are extremely fast beasts. The machine is a beast for the size and price.One little annoyance was the brightness because it does not go up as high. The brightness only goes to highest when you are outdoors which is cool but I wanted to be able to have control of it. But now I do and you can to. Just click on the battery icon, then power and sleep settings, then additional power settings, then change plan settings, then change advance power settings, then scroll all the way down and click on display, then click on enable adaptive brightness and turn both off for battery and plugged in and click on ok to save and that's it. Now you should have control of all the brightness power you need anytime.The colors on the screen are also a little washed out but this is not a big deal for me but it might be for other people. You can also use this laptop outdoors because of it's non-reflective screen and it works.The reason why I bought this laptop is mostly for business. I will be mostly be using this laptop for Google Drive, email, internet browsing, youtube, and website building.Also, remember you get 10 hours of battery life with this thing. Wow that's pretty good.Update: I decided to buy the Elder Scrolls Skyrim game for PC using steam ad it works great but on medium high quality. I tried it on the highest quality and it was not a very pleasant experience. You can still play it on high quality but the game does not run smoothly because pictures are pausing like every half a second. I been playing for about 20 hours of Skyrim and the quality of the pictures are excellent, not pixel looking like you might think. It reminds me of Xbox 360 picture quality, that's pretty good. Excellent game by the way. It's true the laptop does get very hot but the game ran pretty smoothly.This laptop only got hot when I was playing Skyrim but not with all the other stuff like watching youtube videos or internet browsing.