Very happy with Asus Zenbook UX305FA
I've had my Asus Zenbook UX305FA a month now and really like using it. It starts up and shuts down almost instantly. Battery life is around 6 or 7 hours, working on a couple of Word or Excel 2013 files, PDFs, a few photos and maybe up to 10 Chrome tabs open. I don't do any gaming or Photoshopping and my Excel files are quite simple, so not a heavy workload for pc. No fan noise, beautifully silent. The power charger has fixed leads with USA socket plug one end and micro jack the other; fixed, so if you don't live in USA you cannot simply swap the charger (or even one lead) to one with a different nation's electricity socket fitting. I use a USA socket adapter; it means carrying around another (small) bit of gear, no big deal but you have to remember it. The keyboard has good sized keys, plenty of space between keys and the travel of keys is fine for me; I don't find it tiring to type on it. I thought I'd miss having backlighting on the keyboard but actually not having it is not a problem. I normally plug in a mouse rather than use the trackpad (?is that what you call it?) on a laptop for navigation; I've never liked trackpads - too tiring on index finger! A few times I've not had mouse and found that the cursor would hop mid-word to unexpected location now and again so my typing continued in wrong spot - something to do with me unwittingly touching the trackpad, or trackpad 'thinking' I did. That trackpad bug in laptops irritates me, hence I plug in the mouse by habit. The screen is beautifully clear and focussed and glare has not been a problem when I've worked outside - though it is a covered patio. Using Asus on my knee: comfortable to type, screen angle is fine for me, doesn't get hot on legs and no hot air blowing from (non-existent) fan vents; the only slight niggle is that there's a ridge on underneath of the Asus near the hinge edge and that ridge is a bit uncomfortable on my thighs. I sometimes use a cushion under the laptop - no fan vents so no problems with blocking the airflow. I recommend buy it if your budget is around USD600 - it's a whole lot of laptop for that price.