Best laptop by far considering Quality/Price
I've only had this laptop for a few days so don't expect a long term review but more of a first impressions pros and cons after extensively using it by someone really versed in computers.I have just been blown away by this laptop in almost every way since I have received it. I purchased it off of the Microsoft Store for $600 and it is turning out to be the best laptop I have purchased EVER.Let me start of with the pros. The processor works like a charm. A fanless laptop that hardly gets warm and has yet to have a hiccup. It is extremely light weight at just over 2.5 lbs, which feels like air when you carry or hold it up. Compared to my last laptop, which was relatively thick and heavy, this is like upgrading to the future. Another pro would be the screen. It is a crisp 1080p display with a matte finish giving it the ability to view outside with ease and all kinds of viewing angles. Lastly, what really stands out is the battery. Now while I haven't done tests, it has lasted me the better part of over 8 hours on a single charge with medium use, just unheard in some laptops. It may even last longer if I put it on battery saver. You get all of these pros in a nice aluminum finish case that is as thin as can be.The only cons that I could find are minimal at best. Let's start off with the external speakers. They are just really low and soft sounding. But then again who uses their laptop speakers for anything meaningful? They do sound nice and the case states that it is B&O; technology, it is just low. And last would be the smudging. Since the laptop is made of premium materials, they supply a cloth to dust off smudges. I'm not OCD until it comes to smudges on my electronics so I use the cloth frequently.All around solid laptop that is by far the best when you consider the price and quality. I have had time to compare this to the MacBook Air and while the MacBook does edge this ultrabook, it does not by much, and when considering the price, you are more than just getting a deal from this.