Yes; and a couple of to do's before you buy
I think I will update this post in a few months once I get used to things.the days of buying a TV that delivered acceptable picture out of the box have probably been over for quite a few years.  But if you are like me, you have not needed to buy a new television since December 1996 - despite all the luring, lurid, flash and size competitions going on in electronics appliance stores.  Video world has changed quite a bit for the better for sure...nevertheless I have to say I am chagrined over needing to add color adjusting to the list of things I need to worry about day to day.Important lessons I can share -Before you buy:Update/upgrade your cable/satellite signal and set top box to HD digital service and an HD capable set top if not already.  Talk to your programming provider ( COX, CHARTER etc) to be sure.Upgrade your connecting cables from your AV sources (DVD, BlueRay, set top box, etc.) from coax, RCA, or whatever, to HDMI cables.  You might need a new DVD player for instance if there is no HDMI output on the device.Once you have your VIZIO and have completed the BEFORE YOU BUY steps above, you will suffer less anguish than I.  With the cabling and service requirements met, your first picture will be amazing.  If you try to make use of coax for instance between the set top box and the tv you will be strikingly alarmed at how poor the performance is.Now in the old days, picture screens arrived reasonably well tweaked for most viewing environments and most sets provided small color adjusting controls so you could fine-tune your own setup if you needed.  Today, the default setting (at least as it performed in my house) was a horror; switching to some of the other pre-calibrated modes made thing worse.Expect to sit down and run through about 10 quality settings and a matrix of about 30 color/hue/saturation scales in order to arrive at what you think is good color and sharpness and brightness.If you are like me you will be overwhelmed if not downright confused.  There is a whole engineering vocation here with its own jargon and one could be clueless in its face.I ran to the web for setting advice; I found a few sites and settings which I have experimented with, but I have not found a reasonable tweak or tweaks for my room, lighting, eyes...etc.  You will learn that there are color calibration engineers which you can hire (100$-500$...or perhaps you have a neighbor who has a brother-in-law who has a friend who used to be an AV technician....) who will come to your home and get you the highest quality picture color performance accuracy of which the TV is capable in your environment.Odd.  I have just paid for a midrange relatively high performance TV and now I also need to hire a color calibration engineer to reveal to me true color performance.  Seems nearly the height of consumerism  Next perhaps, I can hire someone to watch the TV for me...One would think that the manufacturer would get a leg up on the competition by providing out of the box settings which are a little more accurate in representation before tweaking...so that the average home user (without a home theater/movie house envy personality) could plug in, watch without starting wondering if everyone in film and tv today has jaundice...