Astonishing picture for the $$, but has some quirks...
This review is for the P43EWX model.I would give it 5 stars for the picture quality at this price point.The picture is entirely stunning, and shockingly good for a cheap TV. It rivals some of the top names at 2-3 times the price in that department.It is very bright, and has incredibly vivid colors and saturation. I've never seen a cheap Chinese TV that looks this good.Flesh tones are good too.I was expecting it to have rather awful image quality, like another brand's 4" LED-LCD I previously bought.Contrast is very good, although there is light leakage through the LCD panel that diminishes blacks in dark scenes. That is the only notable image flaw, and it is only noticeable in dark scenes. In well-lit scenes, the perceived blacks are impressive.Now, for the quirks:1) In dark scenes and with the backlight turned up bright, you can see a "flashlight beam" effect from the LED backlight coming from the corners of the screen. But, the rest of the image quality is so good I don't mind this negative.2) There is no TV tuner built-in. No connection for an antenna or cable TV coax cable. Some sales of this monitor are bundled with a separate set-top box converter. If you buy the unbundled version, you'll need a separate converter. This is no problem if you are not wishing to receive off the air broadcasts and you are using either a cable box or satellite tv box.3) The on-screen menus have mis-spellings. ("Component" is spelled "Componente" even with English language selected).4) The TV does not remember your input source settings when you power it off, even just a soft power off via the remote with the TV plugged in and in standby mode. It will default to "AV" input every time you turn it on, and you'll have to select "HDMI 4" or whatever input you wish to use.5) There are many on-screen menus that you can access for features that don't exist on this model. For example, tuner channel scan, Ethernet and wireless internet connections, 3D, and smart tv apps! They probably use the same module for many different models, which is normal, but the firmware should have the non-existent features disabled from the on-screen menu on this model. Weird.6) In the couple of days I've had the TV, there seems to be a bug in the HDMI interface that causes my Blu-ray player to lock up such that it won't even power off. The only way to fix it is to unplug and re-connect the HDMI cable. This blu ray player does not do that on my other TVs.7) Once it has thrown a message on screen that it is turning off because of the sleep timer, although I had never activated the sleep timer.8) The user manual is worthless as udders on a bull, except for the laughs you'll have at the awful translations to English.NOTES: The default image settings do NOT yield the best quality. For the best image, do the following:a) Turn the sharpness control all the way down. All it does is add artificial high frequency information to the image, which causes edges that actually obscure detail.b) There is a smooth video option that is enabled by default. It makes things that were shot on film look like they were shot on video like an old analog TV-era soap opera. It looks MUCH better without it.c) turn the video noise reduction settings off unless you're watching a lousy source like a VHS tape.Despite the quirks, and two hundred twenty nine greenbacks including tax and delivery, it is a steal. If the TV continues to work, I will be very happy and am extremely surprised at the stellar image quality.