Fantastic Unit, Acceptable OS
Greetings,This is a completely updated review.This review used to be entitled 'Fantastic Unit, UNacceptable OS'.  That's because this lifelong Mac user made the mistake of giving Windows 8.1 a try.  I returned this unit on the grounds that 8.1 was unusable unacceptable garbage.  MS Fanbois trashed this review under the strange belief that a computer should be reviewed outside of it's terrible OS.  I think not.Recently I gave Windows 10 a try -- and was I ever surprised.  Not perfect, but it's so 'new' that I get that.  I bought a 15 inch Asus that's not as nice as this unit and all is well.  So I can't tell you how THIS unit runs 10 but I can tell you I'm considering rebuying it.:-)UPDATE -- I did rebuy it.  I had some Amazon reward points, Amazon offered a $100 rebate -- impossible to resist.  After using the Asus 15 inch ASUS K501LX I really appreciated the fanless design of this unit.  Q-U-I-E-T.  Impossible as this may sound -- in most basic tasks the Intel Core M is as 'zippy'  as the Intel i7 in the other Asus.The real speed difference is in crunching the CPU (like converting a video file) and then this Core M shows it limitations.  But if you essentially want a killer 'netbook' (surf, email, chat, Office-ish stuff) this is your go to PC.  This screen is stunning for a non-glossy.I've notice some folks squawk about the trackpad.  I don't love when you have to actually 'click' it.  It feels cheap somehow.  But I've set the unit to use a 'tap' as a click and that will likely extend the trackpad's longevity.  (By the by -- if you like to go down a page as you scroll down (and up up) then the only way to make that happen is the Asus Smart Gesture app -- which hides on the right side of taskbar.)Another unit shortcoming is the lack of a backlit keyboard -- but it's worth losing to gain the great screen, the solid build, the light weight.  Nearly a perfect little laptop.  And to think a refreshed version is imminent.  Hard to imagine how to improve it.