Great camera, but you might need USB 3.0
The quality on this camera is fantastic. The webcam itself contains a software installer, so you just plug the camera in and it will bring up the installer for the drivers.I have a quadcore processor and 4 GB of RAM, but the video was still laggy and choppy, even though that meets the minimum requirements. The lag was absolutely ruining my videos, because the sound would continue while the picture hung, and then the sound and video would be out of sync. I had to stop and start recording again every time I saw it hang. I thought my computer was the problem, so I plugged the camera into a powerful workstation computer with a hexacore processor and 16GB ram, and it still lagged when recording video. When I checked the computer performance, I found that the computer was only using about 3% of the CPU and about 3GB of RAM, but the Logitech recording software was STILL lagging. I found that the problem was not the CPU or memory, the problem was that it was plugged into a USB 2.0 port. When I plugged it into a USB 3.0 port, it recorded seamlessly. Unfortunately the camera doesn't have USB 3.0 as a requirement. It will run with USB 2.0, but it will most likely be choppy or laggy at 720p or 1080p. For optimal use of this camera for recording, make sure you have USB 3.0 ports on your computer. However, even then, it hangs every now and then. I find it better to record in 720p instead of 1080p to avoid the hangs.Here's what I really love about the webcam recording software that comes with the C920:-Freely adjust brightness, contract, exposure, color saturation, and gain.-You can toggle auto focus, auto gain, and auto exposure.-You can adjust audio quality, compression, and resolution.-You can adjust focus manually or automatically.-The software gives you overall control of your picture, so you can get the perfect lighting, focus, and color.-Change audio input, audio quality and bit rate.What I love about the camera:-The focus is really impressive, it can take a very crisp image or video of something an inch away from the lens, which even surpasses my Nikon's macro function. I'm really impressed with how high quality the image is and how sharp the focus is.-The lens is super high quality - Carl Zeiss lenses are even used in NASA telescopes. Again, the clarity is impressive, even better than my DSLR.-The plug and play feature lets you install the camera on any computer without having to download drivers online.-The camera is tripod ready.Things I'm not crazy about:-The microphone is great for Skype chat, but I bought this camera to record podcasts and web videos, and the quality of the audio simply doesn't match the quality of the picture. I ended up buying a USB condenser instead to use with the camera.-The Logitech webcam software doesn't allow you to adjust the framerate of your recording. I would like to be able to cap the framerate, but it just records at whatever framerate it sees fit for the resolution/quality. This is frustrating when trying to import videos into editing programs.-I wish the product had told me that it would run optimally with USB 3. I do not have onboard USB 3 and needed to but an additional PCI card. This is the only reason that I really give it four stars and not 5, because I'm disappointed that it wasn't more specific about how to optimize video quality. I spent an entire day testing and trying things to figure out how to get the video to stop being choppy.Overall, this camera provides you with a stunning image for video chat. If you're planning to use it for recording, however, make sure that you have ample RAM, CPU power, and USB 3.0 ports. Other than those hiccups, I'm really impressed with the camera.