1st time Chromebook user
I have a couple of tablets (Kindles, windows), netbooks, and of course, laptops.  Most of my productivity is done on desktops at home or on workstations at work.  So, I thought it would be neat to try out a Chromebook made by one of my favorite laptop companies, ASUS, and see if it really lived up to the hype.First of all, at $250, ASUS has put together a very nice looking laptop.  It's all plastic, but the textures make it look much more stylish.  Unfortunately, with regular use, fingerprints are pretty sticky, and eventually the outside looks like it got taken to a greasy diner.  But nothing that a little Windex won't fix.Keyboard functions perfectly and all the keys are very well spaced out.  I would rate the mousepad as above average; it's very responsive, no lag, but does feel kinda cheap.  All major settings for brightness, volume, etc. are very conveniently placed in a top row of dedicated keys.  I like this much better than the usual FUNCT keys of regular laptops to access these settings.There are plenty of ports that seem solidly soldered in place when I plug cables and USB drive in.  BTW, it has a full size HDMI port.  That's handy since you can just pop the cable from the back of your DVD player into the Chromebook, no special cable needed.The screen is merely okay, certainly not on par with anything you can find on current namebrand tablets. Comparing the Chromebook to the Kindle HDX, smartphone, and my regular desktop, the screen is somewhat washout, lacking brilliant pop and rich colors that  I've come to expect.  The resolution is good enough, and I understand that this is a $250 device that wants to maximize battery power, but you can really tell that it's a dull appearing 1366 x 768 pixels.  The screen is the weakest part of this Chromebook.... and this Chromebook is completely silent!  No fan means no noise except what you make from the keyboard and mousepad.  Despite the lack of a fan,  I never found the Chromebook to be hot in my lap.  But while I tried surfing the web in bed (quietly), I eventually quit out of respect to my slumbering wife since the mousepad does make kinda loud clicks.  So, while I probably wouldn't use this for real productivity work next to a sleeping spouse, you could respectfully use it to very quietly watch movies/videos (or maybe you should just get some rest already...).  Still, I found the fanless ambience to be quite nice and think it helps with keeping a quiet mood in the early hours of the morning while you drink a cup of coffee while browsing the web.On ease of use, I agree 99%!  Besides the thoughtful keyboard, the Chromebook is just so easy to use.  In fact, I feel it's so easy that I would have no problem giving this to my dad, non-techie that he is, to have an easy use laptop at his disposal.  He can do email. photos, and surf, but not much more than that.  He's the kind of guy I have to field many computer questions and help make sure that he can get the printer the work.  So, if you have a parent like that, and they use gmail/chrome anyways, the Chromebook would make a fantastic present.In terms of productivity and speed, I thought that everything I tried worked okay.  Pages loaded almost as fast my Kindle HDX and  desktop (speed probably limited mostly by the host-server).  MP4's and Youtube played flawlessly.  The onboard storage is quite tiny, so Google gives you 100 GB of free storage for two years; that's a lot of online storage to get started with for regular use if you're just doing pictures, spreadsheets, and some home videos.  After two years, you're at the mercy of Google's pricing, but it's currently only $2/month if you stay at 100 GB; $10/month for 1 TB of storage (which is probably what you want to get if you move a lifetime's worth of memories into the cloud).Keeping in mind the $250 price tag, there are limitations.  Everything is Google/android based.  You can't really load much else into the Chromebook to help with your productivity.  The onboard photo editing option is easy to use, but so incredibly basic as to be laughable (and coupled with the average screen, hard to tell if your picture is going to come out too bright/contrasty.)  There is enough storage to load maybe 1-2 MP4 movies for those times when you don't have internet access but need to wile the time away.  And of course, it's big.  It is light and thin for a laptop, but huge compared to packing just a simple tablet n your bag, even a large tablet.  So, if I need on the go productivity that requires a full keyboard (like writing papers, tons of emails) with a big 13" screen and I know that I'll have an internet connection, then sure, I could take it along.  BUT, you also just buy a keyboard add-on to your tablet and still come out ahead for space/weight/memory available.