Good considering its price, bad compared to its peers, beware of possible Wifi defect in all Zenbooks
I wanted to like this laptop so much, but in the end I had to return it due to a possible defect inherent in every Zenbook.Pros:Light, looks great, non-glossy monitor, 8 gb RAM, SSD instead of HDD, good battery life, good keyboard.Cons:Core M-5Y10 processor has its limits. It's a fast laptop for sure, but everything feels clunky, especially when I had a few programs running at the same time/in the background. For example, if you're just typing on Word or doing a Powerpoint, the laptop will run pretty smoothly. If you're running Word and browsing Google Chrome with a few tabs open while listening to music on Spotify, the laptop will run really slow and the bottom side will get really hot.Speaking of Spotify, the Zenbook's speakers are tiny. I had to crank the volume up to 100 to get a reasonable sound. Headphones are a must.The mousepad is unresponsive and awkward.Comes with a ton of bloatware. I would recommend reinstalling Windows as soon as you get it out of the box.Finally, the Zenbook's wifi problems put the nail in the coffin for me. Zenbooks come with Intel Wireless-N 7265 adapters. These wireless adapters have been known to cause problems. For me, the wifi worked beautifully for a few days. Then one day it just stopped working. It would connect for a couple of minutes, disconnect randomly for a few minutes, connect again for another few minutes, disconnect again, and so on. It became unusable for me as it would fail to stay connected for even 5 minutes. This is an issue with the wireless adapter it was installed with. I've contacted Intel, browsed forums for answers, turned off Bluetooth, and even tried reinstalling the adapter drivers. But Intel doesn't seem to care (they've had complaints about this problem in the past and they've done nothing about it to this day), forum solutions don't work, turning off Bluetooth only works for some people, and reinstalling drivers did nothing. I ended up returning the laptop to Amazon and will not be repurchasing it.Final thoughts:The Zenbook is pretty good considering its price tag, but Asus took some shortcuts to get there: CPU, mousepad, speakers, and poorly made wifi adapter. The wifi problem alone is enough to kill this laptop, and the chances are just not worth taking.Unless you're in love with Windows or hate Apple products with irrational passion, you're better off spending a bit more for the Macbook Air. I've had my Macbook Air for 2 years and it still runs beautifully without hiccup. This laptop died on me after a week.