Love It - Even If I Don't Like Admitting My Spouse Was Right ...
Because I love my Kindle Keyboard, I was firm in my resolve to upgrade to the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9".  The need for both color for children's books and my own need for a white background to provide contrast when reading were my primary motivators.  The price and versatility of the Kindle were better than other options available.  I do not use my device as a media player, but that seemed to be a nice option.  However, my spouse insisted I look at the "Apple iPad Air" before I made any purchase.After looking at the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9" and the "Apple iPad Air" side-by-side in the big electronics retailer, I had to admit it, he was right!  Clarity on both devices was excellent, particularly as I intended to use the item primarily as an e-reader.  However, the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9" kept freezing up; the blue shirted employees said that was a frequent occurrence.  The "Apple iPad Air" connected easily to WiFi and navigation was smooth and seamless.  The ability to use many of the same programs I have installed on my PC is a plus.  Downloading books is quick and the "Apple iPad Air" does not bog down so that it seems painfully slow when I try to change from a book to the main menu page.  Using the "Apple iPad Air" is intuitive, even for those individuals - like me -who are not especially tech-savvy.  Based on recommendations and the fact that I would use the tablet when traveling, I purchased the "Apple iPad Air" 16 GB with the ability to connect to AT&T.;The principle downside of purchasing the "Apple iPad Air" is its initial cost.  Individuals who are debating between purchasing a Kindle Fire HDX 8.9" and an "Apple iPad Air" should look at the two side-by-side; consider their primary uses and personal preferences; and evaluate the price difference in light of those factors.  While I don't like having to admit my spouse was right, I do love my "Apple iPad Air".  If it fits your needs, you may find the "Apple iPad Air" is a tablet you will love, too.