Excellent Stereo, Keeps Trying to Slit My Wrists
I've been using a Fujitsu Lifebook since the iPad was just a gleam in Steve Jobs' eyes, so I knew when that died (the Lifebook, not Steve) that I would be looking for another convertible tablet. This one has the same multi-use advantage as my old Fujitsu, and the same slightly smaller pitch keyboard, in a lighter, cooler, and slightly more violent package.Pros:- Nice click-tactile keyboard. Not quite as much key-travel as my old (and THICK) Lifebook, but not the mushy mess of chicklets that some notebooks offer.- The trackpad has buttons. For some reason, hardware vendors think that supporting multi-finger gestures on touchscreens and trackpads means you don't need buttons on the trackpads anymore. I was raised on mice. When I'm selecting or moving things, I want buttons.- Surprising good audio. When I was looking at notebooks in the store, I knew this one had a nice clear display for video. I didn't expect that the audio would be quite so good. The speakers are on the bottom of the machine, which means that in tent mode they are roughly vertical and behind the screen - great for movies. Also great for firing up Amazon Cloud drive (or your favorite online player). The sound is notably better if you give the notebook some acoustic assistance by putting it in a bookshelf or in a similar stable (ideally wooden) box.Cons:- The edges of the notebook, where the black plastic of the case transitions to the silver of the keyboard area, are SHARP.  When I'm typing with my wrists resting on the lower corners of the machine, to either side of the touchpad, I actually wind up with red indentations in my skin. I'm seriously considering duct tape.- Out of the box, the touch screen is actually a little too sensitive. I kept having things read as a double-click when all I wanted to do was a little drag. Some of this can be mitigated by adjusting the settings, and I did a lot of that in the first few weeks of use, and not just to get rid of the goddamn "Charms".  (But don't blame Lenovo for Microsoft's mistakes).- Takes a while to come out of hibernate or sleep. The processor for this notebook isn't the fastest, and one of the ways this manifests is when you try to awaken the machine from suspend mode. The screen stays dark for a few moments, and there's the urge to assume the machine is hung and restart. Just wait.- The power button is really easy to accidentally push, inasmuch as it's at the front of the right edge in laptop mode, right where your hand falls when you pick up the machine to move it. Part of this is the constraints of tablet design, but I really wish it had been closer to the hinge. (Or even on the other side, next to the power cord).- Speaking of the power cord, I really wish the connector was angled. I like to type crosslegged, with the notebook on my lap, but with this machine this position puts unreasonable stress on the cord. So, no doing yoga when you are using the Yoga. (I would totally buy an angle adapter if if were available).- The machine is very quiet, but not totally silent, inasmuch as there is a bit of hiss from the internal mechanics.Foibles aside, I think this is an excellent notebook, especially at this price point.  I hope the ergonomic stuff will be fixed in the next iteration.