This ultrabook is fantastic.
Alright, this will be a lengthy review, but the thing that helped me the most in buying a laptop were lengthy reviews.I have used this for all about 3 hours total and I am absolutely in love with this thing. I'll break it up into sections and I'll compare it to the Dell XPS 13 128GB 4GB of RAM - if that's what you're thinking about getting, then don't. Get this. I mean it.Design:Firstly, this thing is light and thin. Obviously that's true, but holy hell, it's LIGHT and THIN. It's nearly all aluminum. The lid lifts up with out pulling the bottom half up, which is a rarity in laptops running Windows (not Macs though, weird). It doesn't tilt back all that far, maybe 120 to 140 degrees open, but it's not a big problem, as the viewing angles should be far better than most laptops. I should mention that this thing is a finger print magnet. Be wary of that. Not a deal breaker by any stretch.Screen:I did not want a matte display at first. That's why I was looking at the XPS 13. However, as it turns out, the XPS 13 128GB model has a matte display. So, because of that, I went with this laptop. If you like glass over a display, stop liking glass over the display. It doesn't do much for color, it looks nice though, but glare is a big problem all the time... always. The matte display can be seen even out doors, which is nice when it's a great day outside. The color on this screen is very excellent as well. It's bright (brighter than the XPS) and clear. You'll be hard pressed to find anything better for the cost. The full HD is plenty enough for 90% of people.Battery: I've been using this thing for about 3 hours, I'm using it now to write this review, and it has dropped down to 88% - It says about 10 hours remaining and that estimate hasn't really changed throughout writing this review (I actually dimmed the display and it went up to 10:10... neat). The XPS claims 15 hours, but you won't actually ever get that. This laptop claims 12 hours, and you'll probably get 10 to 12 doing very light activities. It's an exceptional player when it comes to battery life.Performance:Well, it's fast. It boots in a timed 7 seconds, at the longest. I've got the i5, 256GB SSD, 8GB RAM version and you will not find anything faster for the price. Especially when it's this size (Exceptionally thin and light). It's got enough performance to the point where it doesn't really matter what I'm doing, it will handle it - minus gaming. It handles casual gaming just fine (think Minecraft) but you're not going to be playing GTA 5 on ultra.Touchpad/Keyboard:The touch pad, think MacBook. It has regular tapping and movement, pinch to zoom (two fingers), two finger scrolling... As well as some three finger gestures (show windows, switch windows, switch tabs, etc).  It's not quite as good as the MacBook touchpad, but it's very nice. They keyboard is pretty unremarkable. It's probably the worst thing about this laptop, but it's extremely average. It's not a bad keyboard, the keys type well but they don't have a lot of movement (they don't move down much) and it's extremely flat. You're not going to get much better, if at all, when you're looking at laptops this thin and light.Speakers:Nothing mind blowing. They're speakers. They get relatively loud for the size and without distorting sound, you can hit max volume. There's not a lot of bass, don't expect a ton. But seriously, they're not bad.Recommendation:YES. Buy this. Don't get the Core M. Get the i5. You'll like it more. It has a larger battery and a faster processor with better battery than the Core M version and it's only 50 dollars more. This is the best ultrabook under $1000. I could see this being sold for $1000 and people would still buy it.