Great Experience
My first tablet was a Nexus 7, and while I enjoyed it immenseilly I was ultimately disappointed in how slow it eventually got (speedy at Christmas, snail slow come April despite factory reset and other attempts to speed it up. Bought my brother a new nexus 7 that summer only to discover its speed was on par with the Nexus I currently owned. Very bizarre). I was skeptical whether or not I would enjoy a tablet experience, so the Nexus 7 was none the less a great first tablet. It could do anything any other tablet could without putting a dent in your pocket.I decided to get the iPad Air this season, specifically the wifi 32gb space gray version.Never owned an iPad before, so I can't really tell you how the models compare,However some things I note, the screen is rather large (duh) which does make typing with the onscreen keyboard difficult. However the screen real estate and quality is stunning, and if typing is a huge issue for you there is the iPad mini and other tablets. That's the trade off, and this is always a choice you have to make between 10 inch vs. 7inch tablets, no matter what brand you're looking at.The glass does feel rather thin, and I am concerned about its durability. I have read that the screen is durable however, and this perception is due to the lightening of the device causing the screen to sound thinner. Supposedly I will be able to confirm this with a case, as the addition of the case will give the tapping of the screen a deeper sound. Apparently it all comes down to acoustics - though a specification on glass thickness versus previous models would be nice.The design of the tablet is exquisite, definitely some top of the line material choices. The tablet has a VERY sturdy feel.Lots of free apps come with this tablet, which all work excellently and efficiently. There is no hesitation between tasks, and the speed is phenomenal.Overall I noticed the quality of apps and how they work on the operating system is MUCH better with apple than it was with android. However, the apple App Store isn't very easy to navigate. Google store is much more user friendly.No widgets, makes customizabibility limited.Multitasking is an ease with this tablet due to gestures. I love how well the gestures work. You can swipe between apps.Battery lasts insanely long, mine averages 12 hours of use.Hasn't overheated (vague warmth can be felt), even with gameplay.Sound from speakers at bottom of iPad sound full. Other tablets I've played with have a tin-metal quality sound emit from them, as though the speakers strain to emit a hearable noise.All iPad Airs, according to Apple's website, come with a complimentary one year limited warranty.Cool front AND back microphones work together to cancel out noise when using skype and FaceTime. Sounds very clear and crisp, I recommend you check out some videos on it.Overall I would say an A+ tablet. I mainly listed some concerns and observations, but that aside this thing is amazing! I love and, it from what I've heard of previous models, I'll hopefully be using this tablet for years to come (number one selling point for me is that apple devices function excellently passed a year).Update December 3, 2013:I've noticed a bizarre memory leak that occurs whenever I watch videos using Apple's video app (love them digital copies). I was testing the video streaming and after I noticed entire GBs were gone! After shutting down the app and fiddling around I realized that the iPad stores memory it buffers and keeps it hostage. However, after going back to the app and quickly loading the same movie and exiting before it begins to buffer the memory reappears. That being said, I wouldn't be surprised that if you watched movies completely through your memory would be restored each time. Still this is a rather large flaw on Apple's part, and I'm not sure if it occurs with any of the other video streaming apps. I'll be sending them a message to see if they're working on a patch for it.