Great performance, use these tips for the setup
I am a former user of the Logitech Revue unit for Google TV, which I have enjoyed very much, but its performance is not up to what the most modern units can provide and it's no longer getting upgrades, so the standard Google TV interface of the Hisense Pulse (fewer delays in getting updates from Google) and its promises of better performance appealed to me. The unit does perform very well overall - much faster performance than the Revue, with HDMI 1.3 standards compatibility for higher quality video output for those units that are also using this newer standard for digital video. The software on the Pulse includes the new Mini-Guide for the Google TV Primetime app, which recommends content that I might like. The remote is actually quite nice, I could quibble with the placement of some of the buttons but overall it's quite usable, with the flip-side keyboard working fine and the touchpad for Web browsing having a nice grippy surface and simple scrolling and tap-clicking. The shortcut buttons to the Web, Netflix and other key programming sources are also handy, not too many of them and not too big, either, so they're not annoying. I also like the keyboard on the reverse side of the remote, nice size for people used to phones or tablet keyboards, and it includes the joystick input controls, home button, back button, options menu and PIP control also found on the front of the remote. Ideally the touchpad would be on the same side, but that's a relatively minor hardship to get a good, single-hand remote.If there's one place where the Pulse is weak it's in the setup. A few things to make sure of when you're setting it up: 1) make sure to plug in the IR blaster ALL the way into the back of the unit. You have to give it a firm push; 2) placement of the IR blaster, the little gizmo that sends remote control commands from the Pulse to your TV and Set-Top Box or DVR, is quite directional and needs to be fairly close to the units. So if your STB is on a shelf away from your TV, it's going to be hard to place the one IR blaster that comes with the Pulse in a place that can control both units. You can get around this easily by either locating both units in the line of sight for the one IR blaster or get an inexpensive IR blaster that comes with two emitter heads (search Amazon for "dual IR emitter" or "dual IR blaster" and you should find some reasonable options). In any event, be aware of this issue when you're setting up the remote control codes for your STB, DVR or TV - make sure that your IR blaster is near and clear sight of whatever unit you're configuring. The other configuration issue is that you need to put in the zip code of the town or city where your cable or satellite's local service or billing office is - if your own town doesn't have the actual office for your service, you are not going to get the right information to put into the setup. Other than that, the setup is pretty clean and quite standard, if you've taken care of these other issues ahead of time. Also, make sure that you have an extra HDMI cable handy if you're new to Google TV, the unit takes the HDMI output from your STB or audio/visual receiver as input and then sends its own HDMI signal to your television.Google TV is getting a lot more attention these days both from Google and from apps and content providers, so it's a good time to consider getting an upgraded unit or to join the fun for the first time. The Primetime guide for movies and TV is very handy, integrating with your cable or satellite services nicely, though some services integrate more nicely than others. YouTube is excellent on Google TV, with easy navigation to interesting videos, including your own subscriptions to YouTube channels and recommended videos. If you have a mobile phone or tablet, The YouTube app on it can be used to "fling" a video from your mobile device on to your TV easily from whatever point it's playing, and then can come right back to your mobile device wherever you were watching it on your TV if someone else wants the big screen. Very handy. There are lots of great apps available on Google TV, and apps like Plex can be used to stream video content from your PC subscription sources to your TV easily without mucking with extra cables or switches. Google TV can also use DLNA-compatible services to stream video also from other DLNA-compatible devices.Best of all, unlike USB-plugin devices like Boxee, Roku and others, you get complete integration of your cable/satellite service, apps and Web content all in one searchable gizmo. Instead of having to switch to your USB input, as these other devices require, Google TV is the center of your entire TV universe, with simple switching between live TV and Web content and apps, and the ability to have picture-in-picture display of content from both the Web and your cable or TV service. There's easy access to premium videos and music from Google, Amazon, Netflix, Pandora and others, and you can use either the remote control that comes with your Google TV unit or some great remote control apps for Google TV that work right on your phone. There are voice commands available for many Google TV units, though not yet for the Pulse remote, but if you use a remote app on your phone or tablet there are some commands that will work already for searching and controlling channels.So whether you're new to Google TV or an upgrader, consider the Pulse a very good choice at a very affordable price.