A great, well-built 2-in-1 that fits my budget
I've had my Yoga 2 11 since the beginning of March 2014 after researching tablets and 2-in-1's for three months. I was going to get the Asus Transformer T100 but bought the Yoga 2 11 instead and am very happy with my purchase.I already have a powerful home desktop so I was looking for a budget device that would be able to give me the feel of a tablet while powerful enough to allow me to do my work using the MS Office applications. My budget was set to about $500 going into this purchase. While the Asus T100 is a very nice, lightweight, budget friendly model, it felt cheaply made and the storage capacity was quite limiting. For $100 more, the Yoga 2 11 provides 500GB of extra space, a better processor, a better quality build, and a bigger screen. The keyboard on teh Yoga feels more natural and the onscreen keyboard is very responsive. I also like the many ways the Yoga 2 11 can be viewed (tent mode, tablet mode, stand mode, or normal laptop mode). The only caveat is that the Asus comes with the MS Office Home and Student out of the box. Even though I have MS Office 2013 professional at home, I cannot use the same security key for my Yoga. But the alternative open source application called OpenOffice is the equivalent and works great for now. (You can find many more free open source alternatives at [...])My wife also loved my Yoga 2 11 so much that she decided to get her own after feeling very limited with her Kindle Fire HDX 8.9.A few things to note:1. My Yoga did not come with 8.1 one installed out of the box but my wife's did. After updates from Windows Update I was able to install it easily. This does not take away from my satisfaction of the device so no star taken away.2. Best Buy only sells the one in black as noted in previous comments. In order to get the orange model, you have to order through Lenovo's website (unless Amazon or another retailer is carrying it.)3. When I first purchased the Yoga, the touch screen was not as responsive as I would have liked. Calibrate, Calibrate, Calibrate! If you have this issue, go to Control Panel - Hardware and Sound - Tablet PC Settings - "Calibrate the screen for pen or touch input"4. The device comes with Lenovo bloatware installed. Some useful, some not. But you can uninstall them at your liking.5. I prefer the start menu rather than the start screen (metro), so I installed the free Classic Start Menu from [...]. It also allows you to customize the start menu.I hope this review helps anyone on the fence or wondering if this 2-in-1 would suit their needs. Thanks for reading.