iPad lover
I had first purchased the iPad when it first came out, wasn't impressed and returned it.  Bought the 2nd version, loved it and have had it ever since.  When they came out with the 3rd version I wasn't impressed with the changes so I kept my iPad 2.  Ditto when they came out with the next version.  But I saw the iPad Air in person and had a chance to try it for myself.  I loved the new camera (much more defined pictures) and the screen definition (it's now hi-def).  Beautiful sharp, clear colors.  So I upgraded and bought it (I bought the white one though.)  I was fortunate that the place I bought the iPad Air from accepted my iPad 2 as a trade in so I got it for approximately $200 less (my iPad was in immaculate condition and I still had the box, paperwork and the accessories.)  I do love this iPad.  It's fast, fast, fast and my games are beautiful.  I have both Microsoft and Apple products (although no Apple computers, they're too expensive.)  Both have their merits, but I have to say one thing for the Apple products, upgrading to new devices and transferring all your programs, particularly games, is so much easier.  On Microsoft products, with Windows, you have to reinstall all of your games and programs, and with the games pray that the new operating system will let you play your old games.  In most cases it won't and you have to go through a bunch of iterations to play them (and I say this while typing on an HP Laptop which I use daily and would rather DIE than go without it!)  I don't know why Microsoft, (maybe it's the game developers) won't let you back up your games or the programs like Excel, Word, etc (even though you've already paid for them.)  But with Apple you just attach it to your computer  and sync it (hopefully you backed up your iPad, or whatever, to it) and voila, all your previous games, music, programs are on the Apple product ready to use just where you left off (most of the time anyway.  On a few of the games I had to start from the beginning, but I think that's because of the developer, not the iPad because some of them I did start where I left off.)  Also, set up for programs such as mail is minimal (just put in your user name and password and you're ready to go.)  I wish Microsoft would come out with something like that so I could purchase a new computer without the fear of not being able to play my favorite games.  Anyway, bottom line I LOVE my new iPad Air.  I even found a case that allows me to swivel the stand to either landscape or portrait positions so that I can read the newspaper or books on it and eat at the same time without having to try and prop it up on something (bought the case on Amazon.com, it's a Targus Versavu).