Good, not great
Getting it up & running is straightforward (though I haven't tried to use it to control my cable TV box using the IR blaster).My principle requirement was playing my own files over the network, plus Netflix, HBO Go & Amazon Instant Streaming. There's a Netflix app, which works fine, but no HBO Go app. Trying to use HBO Go through the Chrome browser is a PITA. It can be done, but I'm likely to end up using my laptop instead, because it's such a hassle to do (& the flash extension keeps crashing).No app for Amazon Instant Streaming, though one has been announced - I hope the Pulse will be compatible with that.As far as I could see there's no app pre-installed that allows you to play all your own video files. Nor an easy way of browsing to fine your files on your LAN. I installed ES File Explorer and aVia Media Player, which seems to work fine. I've thrown a bunch of different HD avi, mp4, mkv files at it.and all of them play fine, no jerkiness or frame-rate problems that I've seen using other players.The remote works pretty well, though the android interface is a bit confusing as a touchpad/pointer interface compared to when it's used as a touch interface (I have an Android phone). But OK when you get used to it.My biggest gripe is lack of apps: can't load gmail, vnc viewer, vlc player, mobo player, HBO go, showtime anytime, onecast, stitcher, eznetscan, dropbox, google drive, tomato browser, google earth, google maps ...It did install IMDB, though.I'd give it 4 out of 5 if it would load the HBO and Showtime apps; 5 out of 5 if it didn't have a horribly limited set of apps that it's compatible with. In the end, the thing's an Android computer, and I expect to be able to load a range of Android apps. 'Tough' is not a great response to this.- A couple of responses mention sideloading, so I thought I'd add something on that. Yes, you can sideload apps. Some of them work fine, some don't. You can sideload the (free) Screen Orientation app, which will make more of them work. But I still don't have an HBO app (Showtime app seems to work sideloaded) and I don't have a working MX player or Mobo player. Google Drive and Dropbox both sideload OK. The problem with sideloading is that there may be a reason why the Google play store thinks an app is not compatible with your device...Realistically, about 5% of people who buy this device will know how to sideload apps, so I'll leave my 3 star rating.