Searched for a year and finally found the perfect computer. Look no further, but the Zenbook!
I waited for around a month before I wrote a small review for this laptop as I wanted to give the computer some time to break in. What I have found-----I love it.I looked at computers for well over a year (no joke) to make sure I was buying something that could keep up with my lifestyle and job. I am a chemist working on my PhD, and although I tend not to run any software that is too large on my laptop (I use desktops in the lab for that), I still needed something with a little power and portability. I wanted to keep my price under 1000, so that immediately ruled out Apple, which is fine. I have found that this computer with the same specs cost around 1300 for the Mac Air (which it looks virtually identical too; really it does); almost 2x the cost. Dell, Lenovo, HP, all had individual issues I was not happy with. Dell: 13 inch was floppy and expensive when looking at the 7000 series. Lenovo: poor reviews for this  and last years models, and not impressed when handling. HP: overpriced if you ask me.After waiting for sales, running out of cash for unseen reasons, and messing with every laptop available; I finally decided upon Asus as the company. I was originally waiting for a 15 inch, year-old model that was a little bigger but packed an i7 and larger SS hard drive. The Zenbook was always in the back of my mind, but I thought I would need something bigger than a 13 inch screen. I got impatient, as it had been so long and Amazon took a while to restock the 15 inch Asus, so I just went ahead and purchased this.I could not have been happier with my choice. A 13 inch laptop is more than big enough for me. I don't squint when reading (which I thought might be an issue), partly due to the awesome screen and it is very portable. I actually carry my laptop with me everyday now; something I have never done. I guess I will touch on each aspect quickly. Note: I am not even close to being tech-savy.Size/material/weight: This is really a perfect sized laptop. The material is some sort of aluminum, maybe? But very scratch resistant and solid feeling, a huge plus for me. A plastic laptop at this price range was something I wasn't going to consider. It is super light and in the sun almost gets a purplish tint; very pretty.Power: I have the i5 with 256 SSHD and it is more than enough more me. The computer boots up in a second and loads everything and completes all tasks quickly. The biggest software I run on this laptop would probably be Matlab and some chemistry data analysis software (all work well). I had my heart set on an i7, but after talking to some people who were actually computer-savy, it seemed that for a dual-core processor, there wasn't really going to be a noticeable difference between an i5 and an i7.Battery: Perfect. I don't take my charger to lab anymore and just use it in "battery saver" mode with 50% screen brightness. It lasts about 8-9 hours that way. If you are actively running software or searching the web like mad, and watching movies; it will definitely be decreased. But, the charger is small and easy to tote.Screen: The screen has a matte finish, and at first I had no idea what that mean. Basically, there is no glare. The colors are beautiful and the screen is very crisp; very HD-ish. I love it!Negatives: The only con to this laptop would be the lack of a back-lit keypad. I am willing to bet Asus will add one to a model shortly down the road; maybe they already have!Final Notes: You will not find a better laptop than this for the price. I will always buy Asus from now on and I can see myself coming back to this Zenbook should they keep making it. Lastly, pictures will not do this computer justice. I looked at the google images as well as the ones posted here. It just looks meh in the pics. Once it is in your hands you will see it is solid, and beautiful.