I love it and it is light!
First my background...I am an Apple user with a lot of Apple gadgets. I need to be on the computer for 7-12 hours a day.I already own a MacAir, which I love, but as light as it is, it still weighs about 3 pounds ( still, I highly recommend and love my MacAir!).Anyway, I also have an ipad 3 and an Ipad mini, iphone etc., you get the idea. The reason I am mentioning this, is because I have a bad back and that is the only reason I have been updating devices. I am trying to find the "perfect" computer for my use. If I can help even one other person out there in my situation ( and save them a ton of money I had to spend <g>), I will be happy! :)First let me tell you a little about the Ipad Air...IT ROCKS!!Although the speed on the Air is much faster then my Ipad 3, whether syncing with iTunes, browsing the web or just getting emails, the speed was not the reason I upgraded. I am not a game player or a number cruncher so the speed of the ipad 3 was just fine for me.What did get my attention was the weight! I had already bought the new ipad mini, which is super cool and a lot of fun.I actually intend to keep it. However, as good as it's screen is, I cannot see me using it 10 hours a day. If I had 20 year old eyes, it might have beat out my Air! ;-)The a Ipad 3 was about 1.7 pounds. That may not seem like a lot, but for me it could not be a one handed device. I needed to put a case on it, making it 2 pound device. Compared to the Ipad Air, which is about 1 pound, that was almost a 50% reduction in weight! The reason the reduction is so much, is I do not feel I need a case with the Air. I have covered it with clear coat all over and that is it. I do not seeing it slipping out of my hands. However, when I travel, I will use a 5 oz cover or just a Smart Cover (3.5 oz).I know it can be dangerous, not using a case, but I am extremely careful and i bought the special Apple warranty. Besides, isn't the reason we spend so much on these because they weigh so little and are aesthetically pleasing?It is too beautiful to cover up. So far, no regrets at all, but I need to find something to lean the Air against while lying down.If my review helped you, please click "helpful" below. Thanks :)