Coming from a 500-series Logitech camera, and I am disappointed. Skype 1080p improvements are not what they seem
We already own two older Logitech c510's, and to be honest, I'm very disappointed in the c920.I'm interested in Skype calling.  I did a side-by-side in-home comparison between the c920 and c510 using two computers in my home to see how they performed over Skype.  The truth was very disap -- even in 1080p vs. 720p on my older model Logitech.  So if you want to get this camera mainly for Skype, it's an improvement only if you intend to broadcast a wider area, meaning you want a bit wider picture.  It will NOT give you better resolution over the total area it covers.  It just extends the canvas size with which you can see the same quality of resolution as with a camera like an older 510c model.  So you could see more of a room, for example, but not at a better overall resolution vs. the 720p model I have.  These are the results on Skype, and to tell you the truth, I learned my 510c actually does a better job with contrast and color over Skype.  THAT shocked me.Additional dislikes are that the camera is out of focus around the edges, and has a hint of a fish-eyed look (or pincushion?) around the edges.  Also, the audio is quite a disapopintment.  The 2-channel stereo is, in my opinion, a gimmick.  The c510 has much cleaner, clearer, and louder audio.  The c920's audio has too much bass, and filled with far more room noise (yes, I've toggled between Right Sound on and off).  In fact, the "Right Sound" functions poorly on the 920c, as the left and right are out of time from one another, so there is a kind of echo effect.  You'll want to turn "Right Sound" off.Lastly... NO SWIVEL!  Come-on, I'm already paranoid enough that someone might be using some funky anti-Iranian nuke software to record me sitting here in my underwear.  At least I could swivel-away my older c510!  The c910 appears to not have one.I really think a newer 500-series or 600 camera is the way to go for 99% of people out there.  And they're a lot cheaper to boot.  One of the newest 600-series cameras has a ZEISS lens, but to tell you the truth, I feel the quality difference is not noticeable over Skype.  I also feel like the 920c is actually somewhat of a downgrade from the 910c.  People who know a lot about imaging have said the 920c's sensor is actually an inferior quality model compared to the 910c, and that the colors are better on the 910c.  Look for Logitech to throw the lost features into a newer future model, just so they can tout its improvements.Note that my older c510 does not have the internal processing to make HD happen, and relies on CPU power.  I have found that my older dual-core computer in my house, which is an Intel at 2.7 ghz, is not fast enough to kick it into HD.  The c920, which does have the internal processing, can do it.  That means you should purchase a newer model, like the c525, if you go with a 500-series camera, etc.  That processing works well.Feeling a bit down here.  Love Logitech cameras, but if you're looking at Skype chatting, save yourself some money and get a lower Logitech model.