I haven't encountered a laptop I have as much enjoyed using since my old Zenbook Prime UX31A circa 2012
I haven't encountered a laptop I have as much enjoyed using since my old Zenbook Prime UX31A circa 2012. I was hesitant to buy it since I was dissatisfied with my Zenbook UX303LN, but I do not regret getting this. I checked it out at my local Microcenter before making the decision, and the first thing that comes to mind is, "wow is this thing thin." According to AnandTech reviews, it is about half a millimetre thinner than the new Macbook(the one with a single port), and on this one you get three full-size USB ports. I was additionally hesitant to buy it because of the Core M processor, but this thing holds itself really well in all day to day tasks. Additionally, all the hardware seems to work out of the box with Linux, apart from the screen brightness keys, but keymapping utilities and XAutomation can be used to solve this problem. The 256GB SSD is more than large enough to dual boot Windows 8 and Arch Linux for me, though Arch is my primary system. The only time I have noticed this laptop slowing down is during large file transfers from my home server, since the Core M CPUs tend to handle themselves better in quick, few operation, tasks, where they can turbo. On tasks which take some time, like file transfers, the CPU limits itself to its base frequency. While it gets hot when doing tasks such as installing an operating system, during day to day use it does not get nearly hot enough to make it uncomfortable to use on your lap. The display is superb from my experience, and I have always liked the matte displays. Keyboard is as comfortable as you can expect from a device so thin, touchpad works well and is supported by recent Linux kernels, so clearly Asus ditched FocalTech as a vendor. But again, I really must emphasize how thin and liight this machine is, I am astonished that they can make a machine so thin which is perfectly powerful and still has such a wide selection of ports! If you're on edge about buying this laptop because of the price, I would go for it. Apart from the lack of keyboard backlighting, which is not really a deal for me, this machine has all the quality I have come to expect out of $1,100 ultrabooks and higher, for only $700! Stellar!