Almost perfect but the mouse pad leaves something to be desired.
I have been on a quest to find a laptop replacement for quite a long time. I've returned about a half dozen other laptops because of ongoing problems such as an unreliable internet connection, flimsy and weak design, poor screen quality, etc. The list goes on and on and after a few months of trying other brands like MSI, Lenovo and two new Toshiba Satellite laptops I was at my wits end as far as what other brands to try out.I am a member of several forums and asked for some suggestions as far as other brands to try. One of the overwhelming repeated responses I read in the replies was that ASUS was a very good and solid brand. I didn't have much experience in the past with ASUS but did my research and now I wound up with this laptop. You will see that this review is not coming from a "verified purchase stamp" here on amazon.com. That is because I wound up buying this laptop from the Microsoft Store in the Seattle area. It was on sale for $599 so I decided to snatch one up.The speed, battery life, portability, solid metal body and design and the colorful screen all get five stars. The main reasons I returned a very recent Toshiba Satellite laptop was because you had to view the screen from a very specific angle in order to see a bright screen. The moment you were too high or too low the brightness and colors on a Toshiba Satellite laptop look very faded and washed out. For a $1,600 laptop I didn't find this acceptable at all. This ASUS Zenbook does not have this problem. The colors and brightness diminish a bit if you move from side to side but that's negligible compared to when you move your head up and down or if you find yourself slouching or sitting back up. I found that to be an annoyance with the Toshiba Satellite.I get nearly ten hours of internet browsing time without the laptop plugged in which is phenomenal. I have never had such long batter life with other laptops. In fact, I never really relied or cared that a laptop could run on its battery alone. I just like laptops for their portability but usually kept them plugged in because they typically wouldn't give me much unless connected to an outlet.I've also never had a laptop before that had a metal body. All the other ones were plastic. Even though the ASUS Zenbook is made of metal it is incredibly light and it's small size fits so easily in my backpack and I can't feel its weight while zipping around town either on foot or while riding my bicycle. My prior laptops have been 17" in terms of screen size but downgrading to this 13" size doesn't feel like a compromise. The screen really is a joy to look at and reading text is perfectly fine.The overall speed is great and I love traveling with this laptop.The only reason why I am taking off a star is because I have grown to resent the mouse pad. It sometimes makes me jump all over the place while I'm typing which can really slow me down when I'm trying to type a bunch of text. In fact, it has jumped to different areas three times while writing this review. I'm not sure why this is happening but the size of everything on the screen will sometimes shrink or enlarge when I had no intention of doing so. I have to click and hold CTRL and "-" or "+" in order to fix the nuisance. If anyone can provide me with instructions on how to "desensitize" the mouse pad in order to fix the problem I will happily change my review and give it a five star rating. If I have to spend money to buy a wireless mouse I will leave my review with its current four star review. Spending more money is not a solution as far as I'm concerned.This last part doesn't factor into my review. I just wanted to mention it hoping that ASUS might be listening. I think this little gizmo would be even more phenomenal if it had a back-lit keyboard. I wasn't all that used to the chiclet style keyboard, as this model has, but it is growing on me. All of the prior laptops that I purchased within the last few months all had back-lit which is wonderful when typing late at night. Having this feature eliminates the need for me to turn on any lights. This is especially useful when using the laptop in bed.Other than the mouse pad annoyance I am very happy with my purchase. Now that I am familiar with the ASUS brand and what appears to be a solid quality product I look forward to buying more of their products in the future. I'd like to eventually buy a heavy duty laptop (more power and speed) for video editing in the near future. My Zenbook will be my go to laptop for quick computing, web browsing and especially for being my companion when I travel.