Comparison between the i5 version Asus Zenbook UX305LA and Dell XPS 13
I rarely leave reviews on Amazon but I like this laptop (i5 version Asus Zenbook UX305LA) so much that I want to share some information and how I tuned its screen. I bought this laptop for my mom because of the excellent review article on www.notebookcheck.net and the very decent deal on Amazon. I happen to have a Dell XPS 13-9343, which has identical CPU, RAM, and SSD but QHD+ display. So I'm making a comparison between the 2 products.I'll start with the Cons:1. The FHD screen has both pros and cons. It's super bright, contrast rich and has great color depth. And 1080P is more than enough for a 13 inch laptop. However, if here is only one major complain about this laptop, it would be the poor color calibration of the screen. It feels greenish even without comparing with my Dell XPS 13, which by the way is calibrated very well out of the box. Here's how I tuned my screen: First, remove the 'Asus splendid' software, because it prevents any manual adjustment to the screen. Then click start button and search for 'Calibrate display color'. Using this software, click 'next' all the way until you see 'adjust color balance'. Move the green slide to -2 and click 'next' until finish. The screen will look much better after this adjustment.2. The touchpad is not as flawless as a MacBook or as excellent as my Dell XPS 13. The two finger scrolling is sometimes a little bit jumpy when I'm browsing the web. The material feels like plastic and it's sticky if there are sweat on my fingertips. As a comparison, the matte surface on my Dell XPS's touchpad provides a much more pleasant feeling and a more smooth scrolling experience. However, I don't mean the Zenbook has a bad trackpad. Actually it's quite precise and easy to use in most of the cases. I've experienced a much worse trackpad on my old Lenovo.3. The lack of backlight keyboard. I appreciate my Dell XPS's beautiful backlight keyboard. But I'm not the kind of person who consider a backlight keyboard to be a default setting. So I'm quite OK with that.The Pros:Everything else! Please read other reviews on Amazon for details. I'll only mention one point that is omitted by the others: this laptop has only a few bloatwares, and none of them is very annoying or taking up a lot of disk space. I really appreciate it due to the unpleasant experience of my other PC laptops before.Conclusion:In my opinion the Dell XPS 13 is the perfect PC laptop and Asus Zenbook UX305LA is very close to it. My major complains include the poor screen color calibration and the suboptimal trackpad. But for about half the price of a Dell XPS 13 or a MacBook, I think this laptop is an excellent deal.