Great set! Not perfect, but great!
I purchased this set on tuesday and after a few days I am going to do a short review. I will update next week after I have had more time with the settings.Overall it is a very good set. Picture is great, features are great and it looks awesome mounted on my wall. I like the minimal design, I like the minimal remote as well, even though most people seem to be upset there isn't a keyboard. The only function button on the TV itself is a small power button on the rear of the set, near the HDMI ports, for turning it on and off. I am fine with that, as I have several remotes that program and I don't plane on "Losing" the remote like some reviewers are worried about. (see: too lazy to look for it). here's a couple of categories:Design: 5/5The bezel is thin, and sexy. The set itself not thick depth-wise, but not too thin either. It weighs about 55 pounds and is easy to move around. The Vizio badging is in the bottom right corner, and is very minimal and classy. I'm so glad they no longer do the lit up Vizio emblems.The screen itself has a matte finish, and hides glare definition, but no all the glare. If you have an open window directly across from it, it will show. But at least it only shows as a glare, not defined images. This should be expected, and the matte screen hels a lot.Picture 5/5The picture is outstanding. I'm talking overall picture here, not the clear motion and added bells and whistles, I'll get to that later. As for the picture, each preset color/contrast setting is done very well. I primarily use the VIVID setting, as it is the brightest, and the colors just pop on the screen. HD content is phenomal. This is what 1080p was designed for. I'm talking true 1080p content. Not HD ota channels, and not netflix over Wifi, (i'll explain in a minute.) I'm talking blu ray discs, or native 1080p video files direct on USB drives. It looks phenomenal. We watched Noah and Malifecent on the USB drive in 1080 format, and it was ultra realistic, and the colors were amazing. All the settings help each scene or movie type look better. Let's understand one thing though, you cannot just run the complete factory settings on ANY TV. You have to adjust them for your living room, for your movies, and for your liking. This applies to all televisions. They are NOT iphones. They don't set themselves up. They have basic general settings, and they look fine, but to get it to look as good as they do in the store or online, you need to make some adjustments. If you're making a 1000+ dollar investment, you should learn how to use it. Not all the settings or features are for everybody. That brings me to the next topicPicture add ons 3/5Don't get me wrong, I know somebody likes the clear motion stuff, I just don't like it very much. That being said, I;m basing my score on it's functionality on this set, not my preference. Clear motion works amazing with native 1080p content, at the proper frame rate. That means Blu ray, USB video files, Ps4 content (except for FPS games) it runs clear and looks good. I have my PS4 wired with an ethernet, and the non native 1090p streaming app videos look good too, but any streaming 1080 videos that rely on bandwidth for their resolution it just looks cheap like a soap opera and all the defects are put on larger display. While I understand this is an overall Wifi issue, it is more prevelant because of the clear motion, and it just isn't there yet in terms of making the picture look better. If the processor somehow could detect settings and slow itself down, it'd be much better. As for video games, in 1080p at 30fps destiny looks amazing normally, but the clear motion caused so much clipping and dizziness it was unplayable. Do not expect to play high frame rate games at 1080p with clear motion. The jagging and clipping is brought out even more, because the processor thinks you are missing frames and adds frames where they aren't there. Same thing goes with the black detailer and the noise reduction engine. Anytime the signal coming in is questionable (high framte rate, low bandwidth streaming on wifi) you will notice pixelation and blockiness. It's not the TV, its the data and the technology. It's trying to make up for missing information, and it just doesn't work. I gave this a lower score as a result of the technology itself, still not being there. To be fair I haven't seen it work properly across all platforms with ANY TV, even the hgih end sets. AS for the local dimming feature, I notice the blacks look very deep and dark, but I don't have anything to compare them to as I came from a plasma set that had the same deep blacks as this set. The contrast on this set is phenomenal.Video Games 5/5Once I tweaked the settings, raised the framerate and changed the contrast settings, this TV actually makes my PS4 games look BETTER. The ms delay is unnoaticable. This is me coming from High end Samsung plasma with almost no delay, and moving to an LED and this latency is EVEN BETTER. You just have to remember to turn off clear motion, and turn off film mode, turn on game mode, and adjust the frame rate setting to HIGH. Advanced warfare looks real. Destiny looks like a CGI movie being played, and its insane how vivid and clear the colors are. Blacks are intense and deep too. Once the settings are correct, there is no clipping at all, and its playing at 30fps the whole time. This is only possible with an ethernet connection, I wouldnt risk it with a Wifi connection unless you're playing a game that isn't online based.Apps 2/5Here's where it goes bad. Vizio apps have always gotten the job done, but not been flashy. While on this set they certainly still do, they are starting to feel aged. The app button is nice, and scrolling through the wheel (although slow) it has all the apps a few presses away. What concerns me in this category is that they have a netflix button, an Amazon button, ....and an Iheart radio button? Who needs that at one press? Ever? It's 2015 and the third button should ALWAYS be a HULU button. If not, then just give us stickers with the remote and let us program the buttons ourselves. I'm still not sure if you can or can't program each one, I'll update if that changes. As for the apps themselvs, they fell just like the console apps on PS4 or Xbox, and are slightly better than the versions available on Roku. The app list however.... is much to be desired. No WWE network, No FxNow, No Mlb.tv, No Sunday Ticket, and lastly, NO web Browser. It also has no current option for "throwing" or "casting" from your mobile device, which is something I think they should start adding to these sets. The app fucntions themselves render using the app menu over my Ps4 fairly useless, at least until I get an ethernet cable ran to my TV now too. I have a gaming router, and it doesn't matter where you are or who you are, wifi is not better than a wire. Streaming varies on signal strength and everything from cell phones to microwaves can screw up your signal at any time. One other thing I'm having issue with, the netflix app, whenever it goes on to the next episode after it plays one, the next episode comes up and it puts it in a PIP window in the top left. If i pause, the netflix menu is still full screen, but the picture image is in the top left. Weird. I'm certain its the app, not the set, because it only happens to netflix.Compatibiliy 5/5This set plays all the video files i have on my network drive, and works with every connection I have hooked up to it. I just wish it had that option to throw my Experia data to it. Guess I need a Chromecast.Sound 4/5The speakers are kind of low volume, but to their credit, the sound is accurate and has a depth to it. You have to turn the volume up past 50 to start hearing talking parts, and that's kind of wierd for me, so i'm not giving full stars there. Lets be honest though, don't expect much out of a flat screen tv sound wise. If you're not pairing a flat screen with a surround sound or at least sound bar, thats your mistake, or its in a room where sound isn't an issue for you.Price 5/5It says it all. There is no tv with this kind of picture, this size, in this price range, Brand new. Period. Vizio owns that market.Overall, for me its a 5/5. For everyone else, being fair, a 4/5.Its a great set, I dont regret my purchase at all. It looks great, and sounds great. it does everything you can expect it to. It only lost that final star because the apps leave a little to be desired, the extra processing options don't do anything for me personally,and I'm being fair. They don't apply to me, so for me this set is perfect.This set is worth more than what they're charging.I will update any changes or if I learn more.Any questions, just ask!