EXTREMELY happy after work road trip.  Just carry it everywhere and use it!
It just works!After much research, I waffled between the well reviewed Asus and the Dell ultrabooks.  Mostly because of the price differential, I went for the Asus.  After my first work road trip, I think its the perfect road warrior.  It starts up instantly, lasts all day without plugging in, is so much faster than the 4 year old laptop it replaced that it shocks me, and it is so light and thin, I don't hesitate to take it with me to meetings.  In a meeting with mostly MacBook Air coworkers, the Asus stands apart.  It has better storage, connections and speed, runs windows 10 for my work, and is different from the apple crowd, which I like (even though I love Apple).PROS:* Performance- Blazing speed, power, screen, weight and size, great keyboard, amazing battery life, and instant on/off.* As portable as a tablet, but it has a real "type on your lap watching football" utility of the laptop form.* Value- direct competitor to MacBook air and Dell XPS, but hundreds of dollars less.  WIth rebate, this was $500 less than Apple.CONS:* lower show-off factor. Dull purplish color doesn't draw attention or admiration.  If you want to brag about your smart shopping, you are going to have to start the conversation, because only other geeks currently shopping for laptops will get how smart the purchase is.  Like buying a Hyundai.* Took me a day to get it functional, due to many updates, including a windows 8 to 10 update that then led to a new touchpad update, since the Win 10 killed the 2 finger scrolling until I updated.  Absolutely fine since then, but give yourself a day if you need it for your work and you update to 10.Other stuff I noticed on others reviews:  No buyers remorse at all.  No heat problems.  My old HP travel laptop with fan was way warmer. No wifi/connectivity problems.  Asus online support was minimal and took 24 hours, but I had already googled touchpad windows 10 issue and found solution myself in an hour.  I like Windows 10 way better than 8.  Not an issue not to have a touchscreen with a good touchpad.  Best keyboard feel I have found for me.  I have a work Lenovo laptop, but I like this lighter keyboard feel better.