Just OK - Even for a chromebook
I think to truly understand this computer, and others like it, you need to understand what ChromeOS is, and maybe more importantly, what it isn't. So my review is divided into two parts - the first section deals with this specific laptop, and the second part with chromeOS.The Specifics:First off, this is a very attractive laptop. It's a dark navy blue color that really looks nice - it adds some style but it isn't too much, like the colors of the HP Stream 11/13 might be for some people. Besides the color, the first thing I noticed was how shockingly light this computer is - my other laptop is a five year old mac that is 4.7 pounds, but I can pick this up with only hand without fearing I'm going to drop it.The inside looks pretty nice for a sub-$200 computer too. It's all plastic, as expected at this price but but it's a nice silver around black keys. The bezel around the screen is a nice black. Nothing spectacular, but it does the job. If you've never owned a chromebook, you should know that Google forces the use of its own keyboard layout. All the big things are the same, but there is no caps lock, instead you'll find a search key. The other thing about this keyboard is that it's not as nice as some of the other keyboards on this price range of computers. The keys have good travel, but they aren't full-sized keys, so one is more prone to making errors (if this is your only keyboard you'll adapt fast enough but if you're like me and are switching between multiple computers between work and home, it takes a moment to transition back to using this smaller keyboard - the HP Stream has full size keys).One of the things I quite dislike is that next to the power key (it's the first key on the top right of the keyboard) is a green power light. When I'm trying to watch a movie and I want everything dark it is distracting seeing it glowing out the corner of my eye. The trackpad is just fair - while it is definitely big enough for this size of computer, and it clicks well (some of these computers can have spongy trackpads), the cursor doesn't move smoothly. It also doesn't scroll as nicely as I'd like. I can live with it, as none of these cheap laptops have great trackpads but it's definitely a compromise.Now let's talk about the screen. If you've never used an 11'' you might think it's too small, but even with having a vision impairment I really like this size - it's really unobtrusive. It can fit in small bags. It fits nicely in my lap while my 13'' isn't as comfortable. Having said that, the display is easily the worst part about this computer. The screen is the reason I couldn't recommend this computer to someone. It has this blueish, cold tint to it that means the colors all look too cool. While not a huge deal for text, when watching videos it is pretty terrible and really takes me out of the moment. Thiere isn't really anything you can do about it either.Another weak point is the volume. I don't know of any computers in this price range that don't have the speakers on the bottom. That's bad enough because the material it is on can really affect how loud it is. But it doesn't get loud anyway, so that just confounds the problem. I have it at the highest volume and it's just slightly below my preferred level for movies (I'm young and have recently had my hearing checked so that's not it).ChromeOSThis runs on ChromeOS, not Windows. Everything you do on this computer happens in a web browser. You cannot download your windows programs, you cannot play your windows games, you cannot download iTunes. This can not be restated enough because people don't get it, and then they get upset when the computer doesn't do what they want.There is some flexibility - you can use Microsoft Online to use Word, however, I get Office 365 free because I'm a student, but student accounts don't work with the online version. If you want to test if Chrome is for you, download the chrome browser and work exclusively in the browser - if you need to use any program not available in a web browser, Chrome probably will only lead to frustration.So, what is good about chrome? For one thing, since it's little more than a browser, the 2 GB of RAM in this thing go pretty far - this computer is pretty fast and it doesn't get bogged down with all those little things that traditional operating systems have.ChromeOS is all about the cloud. If you want to store a lot of large files on your harddrive, this won't work. If you want to keep large video files or a large music collection, this isn't great. There is a slot for an SD card, but I haven't checked to see if it fits flush to the machine or sticks out too much to keep it there.Finally, chrome is great if you buy into the Google ecosystem. Everything is right there without you having to mess around with things. I click on the gmail icon in the bottom bar and it pops up in a new broser tab. It's really nice how easy things are.But, be aware the control over the settings is very limited. There is almost no customization, so if you are used to getting things a certain way, you may be disappointed.Overall ImpressionsThere are better sub-$200 laptops, and it really is worth paying for something that costs right around $200. The differences aren't "OMG Amazing!" but it's little things that add up to some value, like a better typing experience or a screen with a less blue-ish tone (but be aware, most chromebooks/windows pcs in this price range have just ok screens, but still a lot are better than this one). Even as a secondary laptop, it's worth paying another $30, but on the other hand, if this is for a kid who is not great about taking care of things, this may be just fine. Another plus for the kids is that it has a SSD hard drive, so it's not as delicate as it looks.