Great starter computer for a young kid ...
I bought this for my daughter's 6th birthday present, and so far, it's perfect for that purpose.  She wanted a computer for three things: Minecraft, YouTube and Netflix.  And while this computer might move a little slow getting to any of these programs, once something is running, I haven't heard her complain once.Windows 8.1 - this took a bit of getting used to while I was setting the computer up for her (parental controls and all that), but I'm what they call "old skool" and "old" and "possibly a little slow upstairs, if you catch my meaning" ... but my daughter took to the OS pretty easily.  It forces you to have a sign-in password, but I set up one of those picture background thingies (technical term) that you click a pattern onto, and she has no problem with that.  From there, she's pretty good at moving between the new app-centric home screen Microsoft is trying to sell phones and tablets with, and the regular, comfortable "Windows 7-ish" home screen that I love.  Since she only has a few programs and apps she uses, she doesn't get lost in the system, and she's not yet at that wonderfully curious stage where I have to hope she doesn't somehow delete System32.Browser - Google runs my life (and I'm comfortable with that), and I'm passing that down to her.  She uses Chrome ("OMG all muh RAMs, tho!!!"), and this computer handles it well enough.  She only uses it for heavily censored YouTube viewing and a couple of other kid-friendly sites.  Also, she has her own section on my Netflix account, and there hasn't been any trouble with streaming, so the wifi apparently works well enough.Gaming - She's Minecraft obsessed (going to wait a little while before we bring GTA into the mix ... she gets in enough trouble at school) and since I dabble in it, I was more than happy to let her curiosity in the game grow.  This computer handles the game really well (which I'm really impressed with), which is no small feat considering it tends to take a lot of power to run.  It certainly doesn't load as fast as my PC, but it's also not far behind.  She has yet to complain about running out of world while she's exploring.  It also handles playing over the server I set up on my PC through the wifi really well, so again, no complaints there.Hardware - She uses both the touchpad and a wireless mouse, depending on what she's doing with the PC, and I'm also thinking I'll get her a wireless keyboard at some point, since she likes to button-mash a little too enthusiastically, but for now, everything seems to be in good working order.  She's no typist yet (since she's still learning to read), but one of the reasons I got her the computer was to get her ready for the real world by letting her learn the keyboard at an early age.  She certainly has WASD down well enough, but I'm sure the rest will catch on as I work with her on it.Overheating has yet to be an issue, as well.So, as the title says, I've been pretty darned happy about this little investment.  I'm sure there are better computers for kids out there, but for the price, and knowing how clumsy my kid is (genetics), I have yet to be unhappy with this purchase.