It'd be awesome if the clickpad worked.
Edit #2: Raised to 4 stars after quick, painless, and successful conclusion of RMA. (The clickpad was repaired and it works perfectly now.)Edit #1: Plus one star for the response from Asus. Plus more, pending conclusion of RMA.I got this as a birthday gift for my mother... finally a computer that she won't have to worry about drivers disappearing and registry keys getting messed up and the primary hard drive getting filled up to 95% with photgraphs. And ever since her ASUS tablet went brick a month after the warranty expired, she's had to use an old, heavy, hot-running notebook sitting on a cooling stand next to her in bed just to browse the web. This would solve that.She complained from the very first that she couldn't click and drag, and this and that about the "mouse". I chalked it up to her unfamiliarity with the newer "Clickpad" style touchpads. A couple of subsequent episodes led me to dismiss her complaints even more:When she complained that tapping wouldn't click, I found that the tap-to-click setting had been turned off.When she said the mouse was going crazy and clicking all over the place, I found that the accessibility setting for auto-clicking when the cursor stops was turned on.It wasn't until just recently that I spent some time on the machine and realized the mechanical click action of the clickpad really was broken and had been from the beginning. (I know: I'm a really horrible person...but I did buy my mom a Chromebook).So now, she sits the Chromebook on the bed. Between her and the machine, she places a Logitech wireless keyboard with built-in touchpad so she can use it. In case you're wondering, a 60 year-old with arthritis and astigmatism doesn't get any pleasure out of hunching over two sets of keyboards and touchpads in order get a little closer to the 13" screen.ASUS really has some great products... enough that I'd pay a whole lot more for them if they passed through some decent quality control. So far...about 65% of all my ASUS products worked as intended upon delivery.