Great ultraportable laptop!
At first I was very skeptical about this computer... mostly because the processors base speed is only 800 MHz, which I felt might not work at all well. However, I wanted a laptop primarily for word-processing, browsing the internet, streaming video, light photoshop and some other work-related programs. Nothing too intensive, so I decided to risk it since the $699 price tag was quite appealing and most of the reviews I was able to find for this machine were very very positive.  In the reviews I have found, there are the same four (edit: 6!) complaints over and over I have heard. Those being i) that the screen has some kind of weird stripe when viewed from a certain angle, which I can't say I have noticed, ii) that the keyboard isn't backlit ... honestly I don't find this to be a problem in the slightest, iii) internet connectivity problems, particularly at coffee shops - I have so far taken this to 5 or 6 coffee shops, and only once did I experience a problem, where the network could not be found and this was fixed by restarting the computer... however, it turned out to be a pretty crappy connection as confirmed from others in the area, iv) heating issues when doing intensive tasks, I have noticed it got a little warm after streaming a 2 hr movie, but nothing too bad ... oh and v) a few people mentioned they didn't like where the delete key is (next to the power key)... but honestly again this has not been a problem. ... and vi) the speakers are pretty weak! ... this one I agree with completely.  The construction is extremely high quality. I think the keyboard is one of the best I have ever used, second to the 11" macbook air which I also like. Its a chiclet style keyboard with little travel, but personally I like that a lot and have found my typing speeds have been faster than on any keyboard I have used previously...  The processor is passively cooled, since it is only 4.5W... and from the reviews I have seen elsewhere this model features the lowest speed processor available, it actually performs a lot better than the higher clock speed versions which are throttled by poor cooling in some of these designs. When monitoring the processor speed it actually dynamically alters the speed a lot and has no issue bumping up to 2 GHz when under duress! In fact, I have found this computer to be extremely snappy and responsive, which may be in part due to the excellent SSD installed. It comes in two 128 GB partitions with a generous 256 GB total. You can probably reformat if you don't like this, but actually keeping your data and the programs/operating system separate is not a bad idea and something I usually do. It also comes with 16 GB cloud storage if you are into that kind of thing... The 8GB of ram is more than most people will need. I haven't tried many games on this yet, but from what I have seen the integrated graphics is actually quite capable of running games on their lower settings. The screen quality is great I think, at 1080p movies look good. I feel like I may have noticed the screen brightness changing a little during certain scenes while streaming, but my TV also does this while streaming netflix so it may not actually be due to the laptop?  The sound volume is perhaps a little bit low - although there is no fan, so no noise from the computer which means you can still watch movies/listen to music okay but if you are expecting to be able to use a laptop speakers to listen to something, it's quite likely you don't care that much about sound volume/quality anyway - just plug in headphones or decent speakers for much better quality experience on almost any laptop out there!  The battery charges in ~ 2 hours, and under normal working on the computer have been able to get much more than 10 hours of use from this machine... this is impressive because windows machines normally get about half the amount of macs/linux. Under heavy use (streaming video/music and playing games at max volume and brightness) this went down to 5-6 hours, which is still pretty good.  Given its small size there are a lot of ports on it, including 3 USB and a micro HDMI... headphones, power, some kind of media port I have never and will probably never use...  For the price, you are getting an amazing little laptop here! Also, there is the signature version available (check microsoft website, this was apparently available at $699, whereas on amazon I think it is $829?) which has no bloatware installed, and also there is a higher-res version coming out. Actually I didn't notice a lot of bloatware, and installed bitdefender free which is fairly low impact on your systems resources.  So far, I don't have any problems with the computer at all... working very well. Nice job ASUS... First time I was impressed enough with a product to actually write a review, if that is saying anything....