A very nice ultrabook spoiled by a wonky trackpad
I really wanted to like the new XPS 13 1080P non-touchscreen model that I tried with Windows 8.  The computer is sleek and light, had a very nice screen and a very usable keyboard for a computer this thin and light.  I had all day battery life and liked that the media keys were the default rather than requiring the use the fn key, which is reversible in the BIOS if you prefer.  Backlit keyboard was well done.  The 256GB solid state drive I ordered was very fast and boot times were only a few seconds.  The wireless 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0, Dual Band 2.4 & 5GHz, 2x2 radio was very slow and short range on 2.4GHz, half the speed and significantly less range than my old VAIO on 2.4GHz, but the 5GHz radio was as fast as my VAIOs 2.4 GHz with a little less range providing approximately 50Mbps+ down and 25Mbps+ up.  I have an old Belkin dual band router with Comcast cable and was therefore unable to test the AC radio.Unfortunately I was unable to live with the trackpad which has known issues.  Dell already posted a firmware update that I flashed which improved the trackpad a little but it was still too wonky for me.  The cursor doesn't react until I move my finger a mm or so and then jumps past where I want to be if I am trying for just a small movement.  In addition, the cursor often jumps off the button or location I am trying to select when removing my finger from the trackpad.  Palm rejection when typing seems non-existent with touch select for the trackpad turned on in PC settings and still unacceptable when touch select is turned off.  The cursor is very sensitive to location on buttons and doesn't recognize a button unless exactly centered on the button.  Also, there are only a few multi-touch features available on this "precision touchpad," it doesn't have the option to swipe for forward or backwards on websites or recognize 3 or 4 finger gestures.  The home button requires holding the fn key to go to the top of the page.  Because of these trackpad deficiencies I returned the computer to Dell yesterday.  I don't know how many stars to give, if it weren't for the trackpad I would give this computer 4 or 4.5 stars, for me personally it is unusable and therefore 1 star.