some pretty serious. I have 1920 * 1080 no gloss
It is undoubtedly a capable, small machine, which everybody have found out but that said there are some defects, some pretty serious. I have 1920 * 1080 no gloss, no touch screen, which is pretty good but still it is small. Thus, I prefer to use an external monitor at home or as quite a few hotels now have full HD, on the hotel television.1. My home screen is a 4K, 40 " Samsung television. The display is excellent with the XPS 13. Now.  It took quite some efforts and costs to get there. I also bought the so called docking station, more about later. Only the Display Port outputs 4K, thus I bought and an adapter, DP to HDMI. Wrong, the Dell and the adapter don't seem to speak to each other. It took some efforts to get contact with a capable engineer, but finally I succeeded.2. An active adapter is necessary, thus I bought one, an active, 4K DP to HDMI.  Successful, excellent picture, but why doesn't Dell informs that before the purchase or at least together with the unit? Note, an active adapter is quite more expensive than a passive.3. I also bought a passive adapter Mini DP (the output on the computer) to DP. My idea was to use it via the previous active DP to HDMI adapter to the television. Successful and not only that, I could remove the active adapter and only use the passive mini DP to DP  adapter and a DP to HDMI cable. I'm not quite sure what happened but I think the active adapter was necessary to change some driver. But still, better support from Dell would be appreciated.4. I also bought a mini DP to VGA adapter, mainly for use on hotel televisions. This only gives Full HD, not 4K but that is sufficient. It works.5. The docking station is in my view a disaster. The USP ports on a laptop, especially where there are only two, get quite a lot of wear and tear, from uses on the lap, in airplanes, in a hurry in terminal ans so on. At home you have the docking station. If this is a real docking station it has some sort of fixture into which the laptop snaps precisely, little wear and and tear. And to this DS everything is connected, nothing needs to be connected to the computer.6. Not so the Dell Docking Station. It connects to one of the scarce USB ports, the  laptop still needs to be connected to a current outlet as needs the DS, thus two current adapters, quite a lot of hassle and wear and tear on the poor USB ports.  But there are more ports, USB, HDMI, DP & Ethernet.Unfortunately the HDMI doesn't give 4K, curious as I have not yet seen a television set with DP. A dedicated monitor yes but price wise a large television beats a monitor. And in my experience a 32" screen is the smallest one you should use for 4K.7. There are a lot of USB ports and in a DS there should be no space problems, nice as many USB items take more than their allotted space.Not so in the Dell DS, the three USB 3 in the front a are crammed together, probably to give space to the DisplayLink sticker.8. The Dell DS is advertised as compatible with any Computer with a USB port. A quick try with my Desktop wasn't successful with 4K. Full HD,well talk about see paint drying.  But I was in no mood to experiment with various settings.9. Taken into consideration the few USB ports, it is curious that Dell doesn't deliver a Bluetooth keyboard/mouse combo. As I have had some bad experience with such combos, it would be nice to have a  Bluetooth combo delivered or at least tested and certified by Dell.10. The XPS now has an SD port. But the SD card doesn't enter entirely into the port, about a centimeter protrudes. If you forget it could easily be damage during travelling.11. The XPS 13 is delivered in an absolutely excellent case. If weight but not space is your primary concern then use it while travelling, it gives the laptop a good protection.  But you have to remove the SD card and the keyboard/mouse receiver, they can however be placed below the laptop in the case.12. The verdict. If a small, lightweight laptop is all you need, then XPS 13 is a gem. But if you want to connect it to other items, the question is if not a better equipped laptop beats XPS 13 with  additional items (DS, adapters, mouse, keyboard, cables etc.).