Great, fast computer with minor drawbacks
When I buy tech, I usually go with a net-promoter type judgment. This one was very good. However, when I began reading the lower ratings, I became a bit scared. Stories of bad/flickering picture, poorly-functioning wifi, and a sluggish mouse were very concerning. I bought it for work, and I definitely need the wifi to be functional!I purchased this to replace a Lenovo Yoga 2 11 whose battery life had begun to fail and whose i3 processor just couldn't always keep up. So in my review, I will do some comparisons to the Yoga.Pros: Great picture, fantastic spring on the keyboard, fast as a cheetah, quiet, cool, and superb battery life.  -The picture is wonderful, especially playing video, and the matte screen reduces Jabba-the-Hutting on startup  -I love the keyboard. Just the right resistance, and no "dead" keys that have to be stabbed like a madman to work  -I know the i5 isn't the biggest, fastest, best. But coming from the i3, I really love this. It also has more RAM, and it's smooth as silk  -Fast startup because of the Solid State drive is quiet, and though it remains cool, I have yet to hear a fan kick on.  -I have experienced 10-12 hours of battery life on every charge, even when watching video. Further, it charges quickly. Less than 90 minutes  from 10% to full charge.Cons: Weak hinge, lack of backlit keyboard, Windows 10  -It may not really be weak, but if I'm using it at night and pick it up to see the keys, the screen falls forward. It seems to stay in place fine  when it's just sitting on my lap/table, but I'm a bit worried that this is a harbinger.  -This is the third mobile device and 8th computer that I've used with Windows 10. It's great on the desktop computers, but on these mobile  guys? Not so much. I have had to install a new touchpad driver, as it inexplicably just stopped working two weeks after I started using the  computer. Further, the micro-HDMI port is completely useless since the computer WILL NOT detect a second display, no matter how many  drivers I download. I have the same problem with the above-mentioned Yoga, which I know worked with Windows 8.1. So if you're buying this  and hoping to hook it up to a projector or larger TV, you might want to wait until the driver can handle it. I can't even get it to sync using  Miracast with my Sony Bravia.TLDR: Great, fast laptop. Be prepared to download drivers. If you need to hook up to second display, buy something with Windows 8.1