The lack of a backlit keyboard is a dealbreaker.
I've been a Macbook Pro user for over a decade, but getting another MBP as another computer seemed too pricey, so I was happy to receive the Zenbook UX305LA to review because I was looking for a PC laptop.This looks a lot like Macbook Air. It works well, looks great and has good battery life, with a good amount of RAM and hard-drive capacity. However, it falls short in a few areas:- The keyboard is not backlit. I didn't realize how crucial this feature was until I was typing in the dark.- The power button is the same size as the delete button which is located next to the power button. It has a small light, but it's easy to hit "delete" accidentally, especially when the keyboard is not backlit if you're typing in the dark.- (I use a laptop stand, so this isn't an issue.) The laptop's four corners have rubberized feet. Unfortunately, when the laptop is being used on a flat surface like a desk and is open a little beyond 90-degrees, the back/bottom part of the screen-containing lid lifts the back part of the Zenbook, so the rear two rubberized feet don't come in contact with the surface, i.e. only the front two rubberized feet keep it from moving around, which doesn't keep things as stable. This is a design flaw.- Opening the Zenbook takes some thought. There's no indentation to allow a good, easy position to lift up the screen/lid.- The touchpad takes a while to get used to. It's definitely different from Macbooks.This isn't a negative - just an FYI: The Zenbook does NOT have a touchscreen.The price is pretty good and much lower than a comparable Macbook Air. It works fine for today's computing needs, with everything being on cloud. If you plan on buying this, please be sure to familiarize yourself with an unlit keyboard. I didn't realize how annoying that'd be that I'd rather pay a bit more for that feature, even though I rarely type in a dark or semi-dark environment. With a backlit keyboard, this would be a solid 4-star machine, possibly 5 if the price stayed the same.