Great screen at a reasonable price makes this Chromebook a winner.
After having used the Toshiba Chromebook 2 for 3 days, here are my impressions:This Chromebook is surprisingly light for a 13.3 inch screen. It's also thin and, to my eye, looks  quite stylish and sleek. The silver plastic chassis  has a dimpled texture that helps with the grip and looks pretty nice, in my opinion. Build quality seems solid although it might be too soon to evaluate as far as durability goes.The touchpad is large and smooth and it works fine for my taste. The keyboard is good too with good travel and not too much mushiness. I've used better ones but it's quite serviceable.Battery life depends greatly on personal usage but in my experience 7 to 8 hours is realistic with this machine.Performance is pretty good also. Pages open quickly and you can open multiples tabs at once. There are faster Chromebooks in the market but for most people performance should be more than sufficient. ChromeOS is known for offering good performance on affordable hardware and this one foots the bill.The speakers on this machine fire from underneath the keyboard and I must say that I'm quite impressed with the sound they produce. They get pretty loud and sound quality is decent enough. For a $330 dollar machine I think they exceed expectations.This all leads to the main event on this Chromebook and that is the screen. In one word, this screen is fantastic. It's very bright with great contrast and saturation. Viewing angles are very good too and it doesn't reflect as much as other IPS panels I've seen. The full HD resolution makes everything sharp and reading text on this machine is a nice experience. The 13.3 inch size is a good compromise between size and portability and it works very well with this great screen.One note about the 1920 x 1080 resolution:At it's default setting the icons and UI elements appear small on the screen. This can be remedied by switching to the beta channel and adjusting the scaling via a Chrome flag. If you don't want to do this you can zoom the display or you can wait till this feature comes to the stable channel which should be soon.I've owned many Chromebooks in the last two years. The reason for this is that it has been very difficult to find a Chromebook that offers good performance, decent build quality and a nice screen at a reasonable price. There have been Chromebooks with nice screens but poor performance (HP 11) or nice screen with high price (Pixel). There have been other Chromebooks with great performance (Acer C720 and other Haswell based Chromebooks) but sub par screens or build quality. This Toshiba while far from perfect offers good build quality and ergonomics coupled with good performance and a great screen all for a very reasonable $330.It's great value in my opinion.Pros:Great screenLoud speakersThin and lightStylish designGood battery lifeFanlessCons:Not the fastest performerEdges are a bit sharp and can dig into your palms when holding itBottom can get warmThere might be questions about durabilityIt doesn't have a touchscreenChromeOS scaling is not available in default settings