Great except for the keyboard and trackpad.
The ASUS K501LX-EB71 is a great laptop on paper but falls short in two critical areas: keyboard and track pad.Appearance wise, the K501LX is a fairly standard Windows OEM product. It takes several design cues from Apple's product line. The thinness of the product really stands out. It is also deceptively light. Thankfully, the chassis seems to keep the notebook rigid w/o any worrisome flexing when typing on the unit. ASUS claims an aluminum design but per usual, this means the notebook has a brushed aluminum lid that is a huge finger print magnet. The rest of the unit is plastic.I did run into two issues w/ the physical design of the unit. First, I do not like the hinge. it seems overly tight and requires two hands to open the unit. Second, the 't' key on the keyboard was broken on the unit I received. I am currently working through the RMA process w/ ASUS and thus far it has been as pleasant as can be expected.Performance wise, this notebook is a beast and where it truly shines. This laptop feels like a desktop replacement but is still thin and light like a mobile focused unit. I was able to do some fairly heavy gaming, and video editing without any real performance issues. I have no doubt that you could run Solidworks and similar CAD software w/o much problem either.While power users would likely want more RAM and dedicated video RAM, this laptop has more than enough horsepower to satisfy most users. The only issue most will encounter will disk space. While the 256GB SSD is spacious by the standards of SSDs, photos and video will eat up that space quickly. An external HDD will likely be an necessity.Despite all of the power under the hood, the ASUS is surprising quiet. When doing light tasks like web browsing it is nearly inaudible. Even when gaming, the unit is not overly loud. This is one area where the K501LX surprised me and it is one of the quietest laptops I have used. Only Chromebooks have been quieter.On the software side, the unit is thankfully not over stuffed w/ bloatware. The majority of the extraneous software is ASUS' own offerings. Everything uninstalls without issue. The only annoyance is that the unit comes loaded with Windows 8.1. Given that Windows 10 just hit the market, this is unfortunate timing.Where the ASUS K501LX really fails is the track pad and keyboard. The track pad is just plain bad. It is slow to register touches and prone to touch errors. Some of these issues are likely software/driver issues that will get fixed over time but not all of them.Worse than the track pad is the keyboard. Typing by nature is a highly individual experience with users have their own quirks and preferences. I don't imagine many people liking they keyboard on this notebook. The chief issues are the VERY shallow key press depth and the perfectly flat and smooth keys. Tactile feedback on this keyboard is minimal. I found it challenging to type on. Even after a few weeks of using it, my typing was still error prone. This often resulted in me typing in passwords 2-3 times or visually watching my key presses.Overall, the ASUS K501LX-EB71 delivers tremendous value. You get some really great hardware in a very nice package. My dislike of the keyboard and track pad is what drags the score down to three stars. If such things do not bother you as much, this is an easy notebook to recommend.Update: 01 November 2015 - The RMA process was prompt and painless. The support personnel were very polite when contacted via email and the online status tool was helpful. Definitely one of the more pleasant RMA experiences I have had to deal with.