Good looking, feeling chromebook with great battery life but too poor of performance
Pros:-price-Crisp and responsive keyboard-excellent, large trackpad-Unbelievable battery life- good screen size (I thought it was a economical size for a laptop but doesn't feel cramped)-Nice feeling plasticAbove meh but below Pro:-good feel to it for how cheap it is. but it does still feel plastic-y and fragile-Speakers were best I've experienced in a laptop but can sound muffled in some positions. Even though they were better than anyother laptop i've owned (haven't had a macbook before so I don't feel that I can judge that well)Meh:-cheap looking screen (but it was cheap so that's why it's meh and not cons)-good for moderate web browsingCons:-Keyboard keys press into the screen and leave an outline when the laptop is closed. I kept the soft plastic material and put it in before I closed it each time which was a hassle. I should mention that I am a student and I do lug a few big books around along with my laptop but still this should not happen.-I bought this computer to put ubuntu onto and use it as a linux laptop with awesome battery life. ChromeOS has really taken a lot of control over this machine and its hardware. It is not easy to install ubuntu/linux as your main operating system. Now, I will tell you that I looked pretty far into how you could install ubuntu on this machine and first ran into Crouton but what crouton is is running ChromeOS and ubuntu at the same time in something called a chroot. I did not want Crouton as I have been using ubuntu for years and it is my lightweight operating system of choice. I could not find out how to allow for usb disk bootup. I found a tutorial on how to do it for the acer 720 (which i think is probably compatible with the Asus c300 as it was changing a few ChromeOS settings from the console line) but I could not get it to work and I probably spent a week trying to look for the information anywhere I could so I decided to try out Crouton in the meantime. It was ubuntu and that was nice but still not what I wanted. It seemed pretty buggy with the graphics driver as you need to disable the screen saver and you must be patient while switching operating systems (if you keep pressing the key combination it will freeze). I reset the computer to factory settings before and after I did this but I was not interested in running ubuntu through chromeOS in the first place because the processor is noticeably slow on some websites and I didn't think that it could handle primary use of  two OS at the same time. Loading up an image album of about 10 decent resolution pictures really causes this computer to hiccup. I figured I would try and get it to work how I wanted it to and seeing nothing of installing a new primary operating system as voiding the warranty I tried one more time. I reset to factory settings and out of developer mode and when I got back to chrome the computer would freeze whenever I would try and browse reddit (something I wish i didn't do as often as I do). Restarted, updated whatever. Trackpad was broken. Reset again and trackpad was still unresponsive. Returned it wthin two weeks. I do not necessarily think this will happen to you within the same timeframe as it has a lot of positive reviews from some people but other people may be thinking what I was thinking looking for a new cheap computer with solid battery life. I think this computer is fine if you are just doing menial tasks checking google services but I advise you to not purchase this chromebook for doing much more. I am typing from an Acer 720 and I can assure you that Haswell architecture (although lower clockspeed 1.4 GHz vs. 1.8 GHz I think) makes a tremendous difference in general use. NO hiccups.-Trackpad broke on mine-You cannot uprade the ram nor the storage making this thing obsolete within maybe 1 year given the subpar processor that this device has.-Will break given enough time (don't we all?) but I don't think this computer will last you more than 2 years.EndnoteAcer 720 vs. AsusC300 : Acer 720 wins but is not as sexy of an object as the Asus and you can change the acer's ssd and ram (while also voiding the warranty unfortunately)