Excellent Device Overall
If you've not seen a Chromebook before THIS IS NOT A WINDOWS LAPTOP.  Don't expect to run all the software you run on your PC.  Boiled down to the most basic level, it's a web browser in a netbook's body.  If you're looking for a simple buy/don't buy decision, then buy this as it's great, it's cheap, and the annoyances are not deal breakers.  Longer answer, ask yourself, what do you care about?  If you have to have Windows software programs and can't find a work around, this is a pass.  Otherwise, if you can get by with Google Docs and this preferably won't be your main PC at home then it's a good option.  You need a "real" computer running the Chrome browser to be able to print documents.  If I miss anything you're wondering about post in the comments and I'll try to answer back quickly.This is my second Chromebook. The first is an aging, but still very speedy Acer C720, so don't worry Chromebooks hold up pretty well in the speed department.  My suggestion, it's worth it for the extra RAM to keep it useful longer.  Anyway, this one is cheaper and smaller than the C720.  The design is much less clunky and the sleek blue is smooth and attractive.  It's also got an astounding 1.5x the battery life!  Assuming you aren't doing a lot of video watching and are just using it for web surfing mostly, you should pass 10 hours on a charge.  I used it all week in the evenings on its first charge.  The keyboard is better in my opinion and feels less spongy and more like a regular PC/Mac/Laptop one.  It'll take some getting used to the keys if you haven't used a Chromebook before, like a search button in place of the caps lock key, but it works.  Touchpad is near perfect and you can easily scroll up and down using two fingers or move the mouse pointer using a single digit.The other nice thing with the Chromebook is the solid state hard drive.  Short version, no moving parts so it boots up in seconds and can't be hurt by jostling or bumping it.  The downside is it's tiny and you only have about 9.5 GB free after space taken by the OS.  I found it easy to set up with a google voice phone number and do video chat with my parents for free.  The camera isn't super powerful, but the picture was good enough for that and it has a little light built in that helps.  There's no need for an antivirus so you literally just turn it on and go.  The OS will update itself without telling you, which is not unique to this one, but may make your performance really bad when it does.  You can find out more details about your system by entering the following command in the web browser URL bar (or downloading an app from the Chromestore).  chrome://system/I do have a few concerns about the design choices.  It may have been done to keep size down, but I am not a fan of the micro HDMI connector.  It requires having either an adapter or a less common cable to show your video on the TV when visiting relatives.  It's purely personal preference, but I would also rather have seen a SD card slot than a micro SD, just so I could have the option of using a microSD with an adapter or use old SD cards I had around.  The device lacks USB 3.0 slots which is not critical since the hard drive is so small, but it definitely drags down file transfers when I copy files I downloaded while at the Starbucks.  Even having just one of them as a 3.0 would have been nice.  The real annoyance is that they are both next to each other and on the same side.  The C720 put them on opposite sides so if you have a fat USB drive it won't block the other one.  I had to buy a different USB drive to fit my mouse in at the same time.  Also, be aware because the thing is so slim, you also have a practical vertical limitation to how fat a connector is, so one of those novelty ones that looks like Bugs Bunny is not going to fit comfortably.  Can hardly blame it for that though.  No problems running video or music off USB flash drives.  I've included formats it can read at the bottom of my review.Last, to expand on what I said at the start, you can't run Windows programs, but you can go to the Chromestore and get many that are compatible for free to do document editing.  You can even use it to control your PC remotely, though after a recent update Chrome Remote Desktop seems to be slightly unreliable for connections at the moment.  To sum it all up, if you want one of these as your main PC, you'll have some limits.  I basically needed a really nice browser I could carry around without worrying about viruses, updates, or much of anything and I find it way more pleasant than trying to squint at a website on a phone.  Been using it about a week now. Will update if anything changes.--Supported Formats (From Google's Chromebook Help Page)--Microsoft Office files: .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt (read-only), .pptx (read-only).Media: .3gp, .avi, .mov, .mp4, .m4v, .m4a, .mp3, .mkv, .ogv, .ogm, .ogg, .oga, .webm, .wavImages: .bmp, .gif, .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .webpCompressed files: .zip, .rarOther: .txt, .pdf (read-only)--Update--One last thing, if your a little technical and really desperately need Windows software, Google a Linux distribution called Crouton.  I've not tried it on this one, but the C720 could easily dual boot into Linux with it and I was able to use WINE to run a few Windows programs.  Gave up when it wouldn't work with a 3rd party downloader I needed that was Windows only, but possibly an option and Linux is fun to play around with.  As far as I'm aware, no Chromebook can use an external DVD drive for watching DVD movies, but Crouton might support your drive.  I don't have one to test the theory though.--Update 5/26/15--Sorry, I just realized the correct term for the connector is "micro HDMI" not "mini HDMI".  I've updated in the review above to reflect the correct term.