Using the ASUS Chromebook as a Linux Laptop
I bought the Asus Chromebook to install Linux on it.  The form factor is pleasing, the screen is bright, the battery lasts more than 10 hours, and the processor, while not the latest screaming speedster, is adequate for my uses and is cool running.  The keyboard and touchpad work great, or one can attach a USB mouse, if preferred.  The machine is light enough to be easily carried and its brushed black plastic exterior is classy without being gaudy.When I went about to install a working Linux distribution, I found the process not so simple.  Whereas several other Chromebooks provide access to a basic input-output system (BIOS) that can support installation of an alternate operating system (OS), this has been omitted on the C300 Chromebook.  So Linux cannot be installed on the bare hardware.  Nevertheless, because the Chromebook has an OS that is essentially similar to a Linux OS, an employee of Google has created a script named Crouton which installs software on top of the Chromebook OS that allows Linux to access certain aspects of Chromebook software and thus to run as a Linux OS.  Blocked from doing a clean installation of Linux, I opted to install Linux with Crouton.  I chose the Ubuntu Linux "trusty" distribution, and it installed perfectly.  The hit this Linux install takes from running on top of Chromebook software seems negligible.  Using "apt-get" I was able to add the LibreOffice word-processing and spreadsheet software and other non-Google programs I use.  The Chromebook OS is also accessible by simply logging out of the Linux system.  All this is really nice, but there's a catch.When you first turn on the Asus C300 with Linux installed by Crouton, it boots into a screen that advises you that the operating system is missing.  At this point, you must press CTRL-D, to boot into developer mode of the Chromebook OS and from there habilitate Linux (not so difficult).  But, and here's the catch, if you press the space bar before you press CTRL-D, the whole Crouton-Linux installation is erased from the machine and it reverts to the original factory installation of the Chromebook OS.  So this is the trade-off, if you want Linux on the Asus C300 Chromebook: it's the insecurity of knowing that if a child, or someone childish, opens your Chromebook and accidentally touches the space bar, your Linux system and whatever you have in it disappears from the machine in just a few moments.  You can, of course, save your work onto a thumb drive as you go along, or into the cloud, but that's not always convenient.  I can't help thinking that this "gotcha" is purposely written into the C300 Chromebook's code to discourage its use with alternate operating systems and especially non-Google software.Because I dislike a product that obligates me to limit my choices of software to those of a certain maker, and because the Asus C300 does its best to limit me to Google-provided applications, I have given it only four stars.  If it allowed normal installation of the Linux OS, I'd have given it 5 stars, since I consider it a nice little machine.  My wife, to whom it doesn't matter much except having a computer to surf the web, likes it a lot.