The most gorgeous laptop I've owned, but returned because of bad quality control.
I really wanted to love this laptop, and to be honest, I did. As soon as I took it out of the box it was love at first sight. This thing is GORGEOUS! It's so thin, light, and overall aesthetically pleasing. I told my roommate I bought a new laptop and when she saw it she thought I had bought a macbook.Overall reviewI had the i5 version, which held up really well for the duration that I had the laptop (about 2-3weeks), and i would have kept the laptop except one day upon booting up the computer I noticed the AWFUL backlight bleed. I love asus products, but they've always had bleeding issues and I'm honestly very sad that they choose to continue money over better quality control for their portable devices.ScreenThe screen is nice, to me it felt a little too grainy though. I didn't notice it when watching things, but when working on things where there was a lot of white on the screen I noticed the grainy texture a lot and it sort of hurt my eyes in a weird way. To me it made the display seem kind of cheap. Maybe I'm just too used to glass cellphone screens, since as of right now I only have my samsung s4, and my pc with an asus monitor. The only other issue I had with the screen was the awful backlight bleeding. I didn't really notice it until about 2 weeks into owning the laptop, since I usually let it boot up while doing something else. The bleeding was on all edges of the laptop, but the bottom left corner was the worst. On black backgrounds it was going so far into the screen it was unbelievable. I've attached some pictures for reference on this issue. There is actually one more issue, and that is the scaling. I left it on the recommended 125%, but some applications and even some webpages were just straight up blurry. This was especially annoying because I'm a student and tend to do a lot of reading in the form of research, so reading a 30 page journal was not fun when the words were somewhat blurry.TrackpadI had no issues with the trackpad over then it felt sorta slow when scrolling. I never tried changing the speed, so I don't know if I'm able too (others have said its not possible, but I don't think this is the case). Other then that, it's a little weird to get used to, as my last laptop was from 2011, a dell xps 15 with which the trackpad and buttons were seperated, so it was a bit of an adjustment for me getting used to having the trackpad and buttons on the same area.Processing/PowerI loved the speed of the laptop. I mainly used it for watching media, and web browsing, as I wasn't sure if I wanted to stretch the boundaries with gaming considering the fan design isn't made to keep things especially cool while under a heavy load, but from my experience the laptop did well. I didn't experience any lagging from what I can remember.WifiMy wifi worked relatively well. I live in a dorm, and the internet isn't great to begin with, so I couldn't tell if it was my laptop or the wifi that would once in a while drop, or go down to a very low connection despite being maybe 15 feet away from the router. However, when I was sitting in the living room [where the router is located] I had no issues keeping the wifi connected, so I'm just going to assume that its my dorm room walls that like to create a dead zone once in a while (I also get zero cell signal in my dorm room on verizon).Overall:I love this laptop, and if I wasn't so scared that I will become enveloped in an infinite loop of returning because of the various quality control issues that asus tends to have on their mobile devices, I wouldn't hesitate to repurchase this laptop. It's absolutely gorgeous, and such a good price for what you get, as most other laptops I was interested in were $900+, but alas, it was not meant to be. With the new generation cpu already out, I'll most likely be biting the bullet and getting back to my roots and picking up the new xps 15. I loved my old one, and it help up the test of time, but I was ready for an upgrade, and so it made a new home with a family member of mine.