IPS Chromebook, Yes it is worth it!
So I got the Toshiba 13.3" Chromebook 2 in today.First a little history about me, I was a Pixel owner who gave it up because of the horrible battery life (literally 2-3 hours). I purchased a 13" Macbook Pro Retina last November and have been running ever since. I prefer ChromeOS to OSX, so I have been waiting for a revamped Pixel to launch to switch back over. In the meantime this Toshiba gets announced and I thought I would give it a try.The new Toshiba is impressive in so many ways. Someone mentioned in another review, that the screen is not as good as the Macbook Air and they are wrong (tried that first, before going to Pro Retina). IPS is a whole other level that a TN panel cannot match. HP got it right with the Chromebook 11 (first version), they just put a awful processor in it. Toshiba has been one of the few (if not the only), to finally answer our complaints and stick a beautiful higher resolution screen with a semi-beautiful design. Initially, I did find the text small for my liking (at 1080p). Thanks to another community user, I immediately switched to Beta Channel and did the Force DPI flag (chrome://flags/#force-device-scale-factor). THIS WAS THE ANSWER! Text was clear and deep, just as I am used to with the Macbook and Pixel. Look at the attached pic of the comparison screen of my $1400 Macbook Pro Retina (one of the highest end screens available on the market), and the $329 new Toshiba. While I felt the colors were a tad nicer on the Macbook, the difference is very little. That screen comparison below is forcing the Chromebook to 1.4, while still keeping the zoom at 100%.Everyone else can look at pictures to get their thoughts on design. I think it is nice and would have no issue dragging this into a customer meeting. This has very little flex in the body when compared to cheaper Samsungs. My Macbook is aluminum that I am scared of scratching and denting (I previously dented my Pixel). So to be safe, I ended up covering the aluminum with a plastic shell. The Toshiba is not at the high price point to worry about it and I am sure the plastic diamond coating will hold up much better then aluminum anyway (for scratches and dents). So is the Macbook a little better design (sure, a little when no protection is used). But when I don't have to put a shell around this, this is the ultimate winner.So what is it missing? A backlit keyboard would have been nice. Speed seems OK, and I am sure it will get better as they optimize some things for the Bay Trail chipset. Touchpad seems a little slow for my perfect liking, but I am used to etched glass at a much higher price. Sound is nice, not as full or loud as Macbook but much better then other computers in this price range (I would say 85-90% of Macbook volume and fullness). The force device scale factor will make it a better device for 80% of people (everyone should try it).Overall, a great device. Battery seems like a solid 6 hours. I might actually sell my Macbook Pro Retina for the price difference.