horrible
I ordered two of these comouters, one for myself and one for my boyfriend as cheapy comps to tide us over until the holidays are over and we had money to get better ones for gaming and etc. Upon arrival, my computer and it up working so it needed to be charged for about 3 hours before it would turn on and his never turned on it arrived it dead. I don't know if it was because mine was on the top of the package and his is on the bottom, but his never turned on and we're currently trying to get a refund / replacement for his. It's upsetting because this is the third Asus product I've had that has died on me for no reason princi I had a tablet me and my boyfriend had the same time but we got on Black Friday last year and his just died, and upon going to the store we ran into an employee who had the same thing happened to him and his daughter with the same tablet so he let us get credit and he ended up getting the Amazon Kindle HD or whatever its called. And before that I had a decent Asus laptop when I was used to game it was about $400 or so and within the year its charging port broke twice the first two times the insurance did cover it but the next two times I had to pay for out-of-pocket myself $80 twice. And now it still wont turn on again meaning it has broke for the fifth time and I have a lot of info saved on there so I can't just get rid of it. I'm very upset with ASUS right now and I will never order from them again and I would recommend you wouldn't either.I also had trouble on my old laptop with them telling me my windows wasn't valid I'm unsure if that was the fault of me or the computer but I wouldn't put it past the computer itself. Was very upset because it takes about 4 weeks to get a refund / replacement and we could use the money now. Stay away from Asus. As for my computer it works. Not incredibly well though. The mouse is loud and sticks a lot and it's hard to left click.it also has a tendency to freeze and be quite slow. It'll do for now though I'm not sure I'll ever be able to game on it. Now I mainly use it for browsing the internet and email etc. Now I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop in mind to die on me. Buyer beware.