I wanted to like it...
This laptop feels like a powerful and slightly larger netbook. As a 22-year-old, even I find the text to be frustratingly small. I have found it can run Adobe Illustrator and Sims 4; not well, but well enough.It is almost too light, and too thin. The screen seems to be as heavy as the body and this leads to the body lifting slightly, especially if positioning it on your legs when sitting Indian style (sorry if that's an offensive term, I don't know what else to call it). This irritates me, as the notebook is always moving around on my lap no matter how I sit. It moves even when I type.Typing on this is nice. The trackpad is nice. The display is very crisp, but it almost seems as though the ~1900x1000 is simply too much for 13" and causes eyestrain. It would be better suited to a 15".Overall, for $700 this seems on the outside to be a steal, but I find the tiny size and lack of balance to be a really undesirable quality, plus it's obviously not that powerful and can barely run larger programs like Photoshop or games.I am buying a laptop to take to school, game lightly, and use to edit photos and draw. This computer is hyper-portable but seems to me to be simply too small and weak to do anything "real" with it. If you literally just want to browse the web and type up docs, this is great, though honestly a chromebook would better suit your needs.On top of this, my laptop did arrive clearly opened and used before, with small scuffs on the bottom. It looks like someone sent it back "new" and they sent it straight to me without bothering to give me a new box or instructions (both were ripped and/or folded) or even check for basic damage.This seems extremely unprofessional to me, and I would be curious to see if anyone had similar experiences.This laptop came with Windows 10, with no option to revert to Windows 8. Just thought I'd note it as they advertise it as an optional upgrade.I'm sending this back. It is truly a $700 laptop: Some of the stuff you want, but there will be drawbacks. I can find something more like a "real" laptop, even if it won't be quite as pretty.