Beautiful screen, form factor, great SSD size, fast. Keyboard and trackpad good. Just a few minor flaws.
***** Update 11/28/2015*****I've lowered my review to 3 stars from 5 because of a recurring problem with the touchpad. A touchpad is such an important part of a laptop that it not working well deserves such a demotion.The issue is with the driver for Windows 10. ASUS has its own driver and application called ASUS Smart Gesture. This does things like enabling two finger scrolling and swiping in from left and right. However when it is enabled, the mouse will often just freeze. You can disable it but it get re-enabled upon rebooting. You can remove it entirely, but it will get automatically reinstalled the next Windows Update cycle. Searching the web shows this is a fairly common problem and that the Windows 8.1 drivers would work well but they also get replaced by the newer and non-working ASUS driver.Without a touchpad, it is hard to remedy the problem. If you have a USB mouse, you can plug that in and go to remove programs and remove Smart Gesture. Without a mouse you can also do it by tabbing/typing, but that is a bit trickier.It remains a great laptop except for this one critical issue. When ASUS fixes it, it will go back to 5 stars.********This is a wonderful laptop with a great form factor, excellent screen, great performance, and decent keyboard. There are a few things lacking you might want to consider.The good (and these are very good!)- All around fast. The SSD and i5 make sure you aren't waiting for anything. We're using this in a business environment (document creation, spreadsheets, web browsing) and also at home (videos, more web surfing, email) and it is great.- The screen is absolutely great! It puts our other laptops to shame. Viewable at just about every angle and rich colors. It almost looks like a photograph.- The SSD is 256 GB. The problem with SSDs had always been they were so much smaller. 128 was great for a while be we were outgrowing that. 256 GB means we can put space issues out of our minds for a very long time.- The trackpad works very well.The OK- The keyboard is fine but It isn't anything special. It isn't lighted. No complaints per se.- The screen is full HD, which can be too high in some cases for a 13.3" screen. Fonts and icons are sized in pixels, so more pixels (full HD) on a small screen (13.3" diagonal) mean text and icons can be too small, depending on your eyesight. Windows lets you size things to 125% or 150%; we found the first a bit too small and the second a bit too large (fitting too few items on the desktop). This depends on your preference. But for pictures, HD video, word processing, and excel, the full HD look absolutely great, so well worth the tradeoff.- The power cord is a wall wart that plugs directly into the wall. It is a it is square (like an old Roku players or the Apple laptop chargers). The plug on the unit is offset so it doesn't block the other port of a standard electric receptacle, but it is still a bit large. The alternative, which most have, is a standard AC plug going to the power brick. That can be bulkier. This isn't a bad thing, just know it will require some room around the receptacle and will stick out about 3 or 4 inches.- No touch screen. Not awful, just know this and consider if you need it. You likely don't, but other people who have one will be touching your screen.The Bad (nothing major)- The power key is part of the keyboard and next to the delete key in the upper right. Very easy to hit by accident, shutting down or putting the computer to sleep. We use the menus to shut down the laptop, so I disabled the power button in Windows (search for "change what closing the lid does", go there and change the power button to "Do Nothing").- There are a fair number of programs preinstalled. I installed just about all of them, which took some time. McAffee virus I left just to try it. ASUS has some stuff running in the background checking for updates, which I also left, but I don't know the value of this since Windows does this automatically. I typically give the manufacturer software a try hoping it knows a bit more about the hardware than Windows might, but the other stuff must go. Will likely uninstall McAfee when the free trial expires.About Windows 10:I'm not reviewing Windows 10, but will say it works well in this laptop. We like the interface and is one of the reasons we don't miss a touch screen. There is only one complaint and that is the browser, Edge. It is fast and great, except it doesn't have add blocking so some web pages take forever to load as the adds are being loaded. Use your browser of choice instead and you'll be fine. We use Internet Explorer which you can find by searching and then pin to start and taskbar. Turn on Tracking Protection, select a few services, and things are much better. Eventually Edge will get this I hope, but for now consider your options. I also use a different PDF reader (Foxit Reader) because PDFs in the browser are inconvenient.Another tip: Changing the default program can be a bit temperamental; for example, when opening Foxit Reader it will ask if to make that the default program. Say yes, but it doesn't happen. I don't think it has permission to do that. So go to "default program" and try it there. It may or may not work!. What does work (and it worked for both Foxit Reader and changing to IE from Edge) is to right click on a file, choose "Open with" and then "More Options". Find the program and make sure "use this app for all files" is checked.