Fanstastic small, powerful laptop - couple of things to improve
I really like this small laptop.  While it has some caveats, the positives far out weight them.  This is a powerful i5 laptop that is small, very light, has a very good screen, great battery life, and has a nice look to it.  I usually don't get random positive compliments on whatever laptop I use in public, I have with this Asus.Nice things with these small, super thing ultra laptops is that they don't generate much heat and are very quite.  A re-occurring nightmare with my current larger laptop is that I drop it on the couch onto a blanket and it blocks the fan port and it overheats very very fast.  This laptop has ports on bottom I assume for air and the speakers.  I've yet to feel it get hot.I mainly am using this laptop as a to-go machine and use it to surf, emails, small writing projects and so on.  No heavy duty work.  As such, the i5 processor is more than powerful enough for me.  Overall... there is a lot to like with this laptop!On critical side of things...I've seen noted repeatedly in the comments criticism for not having a back-lit keyboard, and I strongly agree with that point.  Having such a small portable laptop is a little bit of a game changer in that I take it places that I would not bother with my larger laptop.  As such, there are now more opportunities for me to be in poorly lit locations and the back-lit keyboard (very lightly back-lit, not a neon sign) becomes needed functionality.I am enthusiastic at all regarding the speakers with this Asus laptop.  They are barely adequate.  I'm not looking for drivers to make the laptop vibrate, but come on, some more volume is needed to overcome background noise.  This issue goes back to the earliest days of computers, lackluster speakers.  The quality of the sound is ok in a silent room but beyond that, lacking.  This really needs to be fixed.There you have it... pros and cons.  The pros far outweigh the cons.  This is a fantastic little laptop!