Decent laptop for the price
I recently just purchased this laptop a few hours ago at Best Buy and thought that I should post a first impression on my experience with this laptop. I was looking for a laptop that was going to be able to fulfill all of my basic computer tasks (ie. using Microsoft Office, browsing the internet, checking emails, etc.). So far this machine has been alright. It is a large computer but not bulky like some other models that I've seen in store. This computer runs on Intel Dual Celeron which is the same processor that has been used with other older models. It sometimes takes a little long to load a page up or for a click to fully be recognized and sent to the next page but I'm a very patient person so that doesn't really bother me too much. The touchpad is OK. I prefer tapping it than actually using the buttons because the entire touchpad is flat and can be difficult to press the buttons down hard enough for the computer to take effect. My wireless mouse solves that issue though. One downside that may not be important to other people that I kind of care about it that this machine does not have a optical drive. I know that CDs are getting kind of outdated but I think it's nice to have one anyways for watching DVD and a reading CDs and putting that media onto the computer. This problem could easily be solved by purchasing an external optical drive but like said, it's just nice having one already built-in already. The keyboard is actually really easy to type on. The key are evenly spaced out and there's also a number pad on the right side. I just wish that there was a light to indicate when the caps lock and number lock keys were on. I'm very new to Windows 8.1 but I found that it is really easy to adapt to and it's so customizable. It's actually simple to navigate everything now. I would only recommend this for students like myself that only need a computer for basic computer uses or for parents looking for a laptop to purchase for their kids. This machine probably would not be able to handle any heavy duty gaming but it does come with a lot of space for storage and it's not at a bad price for all of the features that you will be getting from this computer.