Solid ultrabook when portability is the goal
So I received the unit last about 5 days ago and have had a chance to play with it. One thing to note first off is this was thankfully boxed well.  The shipper beat up the outer box, but the box inside was fine, and inside that box is another box that safely stores the unit.  So you should get this in one piece.Pros:-Solid build-No issues with typically business level and entertainment content (streaming)-Nice and light Keyboard feels good-Touchpad as good as any I've used (but generally hate touchpads). People complain it is loud to press since the left/right click is loud but you can always use the 1 finger/2 finger taps for the same purpose which are silent.-Matte screen. Not as brilliant/bright as glossy but a lot less glare-Battery life has really been solid (watch out for Chrome, it seems to suck battery life)-Price to value get is at the sweet spot. By the time you get a similar package with the i5 for this price, that will mean there are better things that you'll want to upgrade to and increase the price again. Battery life is pretty good (just fyi Chrome is hard on battery life)Cons:-I don't care about backlighting but this doesn't have it-Can get a little warm on the bottom near the back (no fan so heats up a bit when CPU is chugging)-Speakers are whimpy, but expected on a device like this.  Use headphones if you want to get the full audio range.-Micro-HDMI port is a little finicky/loose.  Cord gets bumped or jiggled and it loses it signal.-Wifi card is the Intel dual band wireless-N 7265  instead of a wireless ac card. Limits to only a max of 300Mbps on 5.0ghz and doesn't compare well to other high end ultrabook models.-Fingerprint magnet.So after playing with it for a few days, I think I'll keep it. I like the whole package generally, and haven't run across anything in the price range that would make me any happier.  This is for light business use, streaming, etc.  Don't expect this to meet your needs for processor heavy tasks like video/picture editing.