Great laptop with a few gripes.
I have had this laptop for about a week now, so I can't give any information about the longevity.My old laptop is a late 2006 Macbook.  I decided I did not want to get a Mac this time around for many reasons, but I won't go into those unless someone asks.  I am learning to program so I needed a computer that would just work- fast and portable without breaking the bank.  It is extremely light weight, fits in my purse and is very fast.  The boot up time is extremely short.  I like the fact that this computer came with a 256gb SSD at this price.  The amount of space is very reasonable for a portable computer.  I have never had an SSD before but this computer is extremely quiet and fast so I may be a fan now.On the con side, this laptop does not have great speakers.  The volume is not very loud even on the highest setting and the sound doesn't sound amazing.  Honestly this might be more of a pro than a con because it keeps the price and weight down on the device.  Most of the time I will be using headphones on a laptop anyway.  I have desktop speakers for when I'm at home.  The track pad is another con.  It is very finicky and doesn't always register my finger movements correctly.  Sometimes I will scroll more than I want to or zoom in/out when I don't want to.  This can be improved by turning off some of the gestures that ASUS has enabled by default.  It prevents you from accidentally opening random things with your fingers.  This can be done via the taskbar (on the bottom next to where the time and date are located).  The trackpad is also very loud and clicky, but usually I just press on the trackpad rather than click the button and that works well enough.  You will want another mouse to use with this thing especially when you aren't out and about.  The biggest con on the device is that the battery is not easily accessible.  You can't just remove it like you can with other laptops which means you may not be able to keep this thing around forever.  It also does not have a touch screen which is actually sort of a big deal on Windows 8.  I installed classic shell though which makes the experience much better.Overall it is an excellent laptop with a few minor annoyances but I really love it so far!