The ultrabook is almost perfect. I have the i5 version/gold version
The ultrabook is almost perfect. I have the i5 version/gold version.Looks: It looks very slim and the build quality looks superb. The metal body, though not one piece, makes the laptop look very premium. Covers are put together in a very precise and clean way. Looks almost unibody. There is no extra pieces on the keyboard section except for the nicely layout keyboard and large trackpad. The speakers are under the body and engineered into precisely cut matrix of small dots. The hedge connecting the screen and the body is also metal and has the same champaign/gold color as the outer body. It feels tight in a good way. The bezel around screen is normal, not as thin as the XPS has, but it absolutely does not look thick. One more thin, the surface of the laptop does not have that Zenbook circle look, just a nice one-piece metal with light gold color. I like it this way. (5.0/5.0)Keyboard:  The keyboard is good enough for normal typing. The key travel is decent; it almost feels like a MacBook. The space between keys are good; you don't have the chance to press two keys together or mis-click any key. However, after using it for almost a month I do feel the necessity to have backlit; I guess ASUS need to consider it in the future series. Another downside for the keyboard is the key feels a little loose. That's why I said almost feels like MacBook. When you press the key you can feel the key shaking around a little, and for keys you have to press with your little finger (not as strong as your index or thumb), you feel it shakes more and harder to press. And the keys get oily very soon so you should clean it daily. (3.9/5.0)UPDATE: after one month use, the Z key and left TAB key feels more flimsy. so I start worrying about the longevity of this keyboard.Trackpad: one of the most important parameter for laptop/ultrabook. It's not a MacBook so don't expect MacBook trackpad experience. However, the trackpad is decent enough for $700-$1000 range laptop. It is very responsive; there is no cursor jumping around; the scrolling is smooth. With the ASUS gesture center, you have access to quite good multigesture: two finger for right click, three fingers to activate Cortana; four fingers to call out action center; of course zoom in/out/rotate. I haven't used it long enough so I can't say how long it will stay in this way. The cons about this trackpad of course, is despite it tracks smoothly, it is kind hard to precisely move your cursor to the point you want. This is due to the lack of good move acceleration mechanism. I guess ASUS didn't want that so it is easier to make the trackpad tracks well first. You have to move to some place near your destination and then move to your destination with a slower speed. Like playing golf. Another downside with the trackpad is it gets activated easily. Usually when you are typing your finger can accidently touches the trackpad and your cursor just jumps to somewhere you never expects. Best thing to do, connect a mouse and disable trackpad for long typing session. (3.8/5.0)Ergonomics: The laptop overall provide good ergonomics. Good for use on desk, lap, bed, kitchen counter, Starbucks, airport. Quiet and cool. But there are few things that can get annoying sometime. First, the two plastic stands under the screen that are supposed to elevate the screen side a little and help provide a comfortable angle when you are using the laptop does not work well with the four big plastic feet under the bottom case. The height is not adjusted well so one of the big front foot is lifted in air when laptop fully opened. The result is your laptop will rotate around one front feet (in my case the right one) when you put a force on it. Really,really annoying when you are using the trackpad and always accidentally push the laptop forward. I have had a replacement from Amazon. The problem is worse that I can actually feel the tilt when the laptop is opened up. I returned the replacement. So I think this is a design or quality control issue for this UX305 line (not sure for UX303 etc). A second problem is the trackpad position/size. I haven't used trackpad before (had a thinkpad) so I am not sure if it's a problem with all ultrabook trackpad. But using this one I have to put my wrist in an angled position where my wrist is at the table and fingers lifted up to use the trackpad. In this way my wrist gets tired within one hour and hurts for longer duration. I guess it's because the laptop is too small. Provide extra space under the trackpad so you can rest your wrist on the same level of your fingers. Otherwise there is no complain about ergonomics for this laptop. (4.0/5.0)To be updated.Screen:Performance:Price:Overall: