Fantastically cheap laptop. Students beware: NO MS OFFICE
STUDENTS BEWARE: NO MICROSOFT OFFICE LICENSE COMES WITH THIS MACHINE.To use Powerpoint, Excel, Word, or any other MS Office program, you will have to either hope that you can obtain a free license through your school, or pay for it (~$80, for students) if you want it on this machine.Other than Microsoft being penny pinching their products again (what's new?), this ASUS laptop is a pretty good deal so far for the money.Pros:IMO, really great entry level laptop on the cheap for the money. Really good bang for your buck here.Nice screen. OK speakers.Very light weight, even for a laptop of it's size.Cons:Microsoft (depending on who you are)The whole laptop is plastic (again depending on who you are)My only REAL complaints about this laptop is the keyboard and the built-in mousepad. ASUS really skimped on the keyboard and mousepad to keep costs low. They work, but the keys have to be pressed with a purpose, and because of it's all plastic nature, it sounds like garbage when typing on it at any respectable speed.The mousepad works better than the keyboard, but again, at times, it has to be used with a purpose. The buttons are part of the pad, and don't have touch delete on them, so you cannot scroll, point, zoom, etc with your finger resting on the mousepad buttons.This laptop is super cheap, looks super cheap, and feels super cheap, but for the money, is really hard to beat (brand new in box).My uses: School. Web browsing, document editing, programming, Mathematica, Youtube, etc. I haven't used it for anything intense like gaming and don't plan to. If you buy this computer to play Starcraft 2, then you deserve to deal with the problems that are sure to come.The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because of how insanely cheap it looks and feels (mainly the keyboard). Also a little irritated about the no MS Office license, because a brand new $200 laptop with Windows 8.1 isn't going to be popular in the student market, right? [sarcasm]