First Impressions - Web Development Machine/General Use/Comparison XPS13 2014
Just received this laptop yesterday (the signature USM1 edition) and it's been fantastic so far. I unfortunately didn't keep track of how long the battery lasted me but it lasted for a significant amount of time. This package came with a screen cloth, a USB to gigabit ethernet adapter, the charger (of course), and an extra wire velcro tie.I didn't experience any noticeable slowdowns during the entirety of my usage. I'm a web developer so the first thing I did was setup one of my development environments. I'm currently running WAMP/mysql and a node.js server with ATOM text editor. Along with those two local servers running I was running Chrome (with varying # of tabs from 7-15) and MySQL Workbench. Everything seemed to be lightning fast with everything opened and moving. The laptop to my surprise also stayed very cool. It warmed slightly in the center towards the bottom of the screen but everywhere my hands were felt cool to the touch. I'll eventually install Visual Studio and RStudio most likely and see how those run.The reason why I rate this a 4/5 is because the trackpad seemed to be creating audible "click" noises when being tapped on. The noises seemed too loud to be normal (like the trackpad may have been loose). I submitted a customer server request and am waiting to hear back. Strange thing is though after I submitted the review and went mobile with my laptop, that problem seemed to stop. It does have a pretty audible press-down click though which should be noted before buying if you're the type of person that gets bothered by that.I gave the speakers a try with a few different types of music. The audio level is fine and you can fine tune (as I did) the audio in the SmartAudio software they provide. The sound does come as a little flat/tinny but I would think that's expected from ultrabook speakers. I've got a Lenovo y500 with JBL Pro Speakers and those are significantly better.I compared this with my girlfriend's Dell XPS 13 (2014 model, 128 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram, Touch screen, i5 processor). The ASUS was definitely longer and wider (probably due to the wider bezel) but was also definitely thinner and felt a little lighter as well. The keyboard has larger keys on the ASUS than the Dell XPS 13 does. Both keyboards are comfortable to type on but the XPS keyboard seems slightly quieter and softer. Overall when comparing performance, I realize that the XPS has an i5 that probably runs base at 1.4 or 1.6 GHz but the ASUS felt just as snappy running all my regular and web-dev related tasks as the XPS. The XPS fan would kick on after some time of coding, but the ASUS seemed to stay cool.I have not installed windows office suite on it yet, nor have I used it to watch any movies with yet. If the trackpad didn't give me that strange, single occurrence problem I'd rate this laptop 5/5. Incredible price point meets good power, solid build (handling the brushed aluminmum body feels fantastic) and portability is how I would define this laptop.