Asus C201 is a solid overall laptop for the price point when compared to other Chromebooks
I have owned a few Chromebooks including Acer C720, Acer C720P touch screen, Acer CB3, Asus C100 Flip and a sub $200 Windows laptop Asus X205TA. I ended up selling the X205TA since I felt it was pretty sluggish running Windows 8.1 and performance appeared to have degraded once upgraded to Windows 10. Also, I was a little fed up with frequent Windows updates. I also do own a Macbook Pro and Macbook Air and am quite familiar with keyboard and trackpad accuracy and feel.When comparing the Asus C201, I would recommend this over the other models based on the following:Acer C720/C720P - The C720 models offers more snappier performance but the weight, battery life, screen, and trackpad of the C201 I feel is superior.Asus C100 Flip - Unit was very solid, lightweight, and screen was decent but the keyboard and trackpad was smaller than what I am used to. As a result, there was frequent typos and navigating with the trackpad was not as efficient due to its surface area. The overall dimensions and weight between the C100 and C201 were pretty close. I returned the C100 unit back to Amazon.Acer CB3 - I still own the 2GB version of this laptop. I love the keyboard and trackpad on the CB3 and I feel that the C201 unit is pretty equivalent. I purchased the C201 because its lighter and wanted a unit that had 4GB of RAM for additional headroom when running multiple tabs across mutiple simultaneous logins.Asus X205TA - Windows is slow on hardware with low specifications. Windows updates are frequent and annoying. Chrome OS is a lot more efficient when running on lower hardware specifications. Also, the body of the C201 does not appear to be a finger print or oil magnet compared to the X205TA. As a side note, the charging adapter appears to be the same between the two units.In the end, you can't go wrong with this laptop when compared to the other units that I have had experience with based on being more lightweight, having longer battery life, decent keyboard travel, large and accurate trackpad, having slightly better screen crispness, and a solid plastic casing that doesn't flex much.