Lenovo Yoga 2 11.6" TouchScreen Laptop PC - Intel Pentium N3520
I purchased my lenovo yoga 2 at bestbuy. It is the silver model shown here. I "played" with many different laptops of this size and slightly larger. I was contemplating a macbookpro (very nice but also very expensive), because alot of the laptops I saw had such terrible displays (in my humble opinion) but, this little guy caught my eye...I chose this yoga 2 mostly because the screen is strikingly beautiful and clear (it is an IPS screen) and beautiful from wider angles than any others I saw even some of the more expensive ones ($800ish). It has a snappy speed no matter what I'm doing on it. It plays all of my hd video files even my vob's (thanks to VLC). It has a significantly better build quality and feel than the others I was able to experience hands on. The touchscreen on my yoga2 is very responsive, I did not have to calibrate. My yoga2 came with windows 8.1 very few updates were needed. Boot up and shut down are very fast (close to 10 seconds haha which is good for windows don't ya think =) ) however I did remove bloatware. I have an 2011 HP-DV7 beast with win7 for my heavy work, however this little yoga2 runs extremly well (i'm impressed) even multitasking with internet (I use firefox, never ie) and office running at the same time. Also runs great researching online and watching a movie file at he same time. No lagging on videos (i'm very happy with this too), netflix plays flawlessly (my home has the cheapest fios). The different "yoga modes" of using this little guy is very handy and convenient. The trackpad works good but i prefer a mini mouse and use one of those most of the time. The keyboard feels very comfortable and solid. This is a sleek little solid built mini laptop that I just keep wondering if its too good to be true (haha). I'm not a fan of windows 8 but I researched this model and according to my findings if I just can not live with win8 it IS possible to put win7 on this (lenovo site has most of the drivers, rest are available on pc part site)...I'm an advanced pc user and would be willing to downgrade the os if I needed to. Some have stated issues with the "brightness" being too dim but I assure that this screen is very bright if you want it to be (change advanced display settings, turn off "auto dim" and set "maximum brightness on dim" to 100%). All in all I'm very happy with this for internet, office docs, some photo editing, watching hd videos/movies and netflix. it also came with a year of antivirus (bonus, but I usually use comodo anyways)... I'm abit of a gamer (xbox360 and some pc), so i will be testing out some games and then i will update this review. I had some experience with a HP 11.6 ($425.00) that would NOT do any of the above and my 7 year old psp screen was better so I wasn't expecting a lot with this yoga2 but I must say this is an excellent little pc for the price I paid(500). The only boo hoo I have is that it does not have an ethernet port but ethernet "dongles" or adapters work very well and remedy this for about 15 buks. I hope this helps others.