If Chrome OS meets your needs, this is the Chromebook to buy!
If you are on the fence about buying a Chromebook over a Windows or Mac PC, this unit should be your comparison benchmark. I can't tell you infallibly that Chrome OS is right for everyone, but after making the switch from a tablet, I can assure you that for 90+% of people, it is. If you have a desktop computer for the occasional specific program need, storage space etc. and this would be your regular use machine, you will be fine. But hey, you can do the research on Chrome OS and if it is a good fit or not, because it essentially works the same on any Chromebook.If you are already set on getting a Chromebook and aren't sure about models, stop looking and buy this one now. For the price, it is an absolutely amazing little unit. I've had mine just under a week and have put in hours a day just for the sake of using it - the screen itself blows most laptops out of the water, including new Macbook Airs and my older 13.3" Macbook I had in college. The build quality is more than adequate for the cost, and the battery life still has me scratching my head as to how it can keep going for so long. It does NOT get hot, and has no fans, so it is as silent as an iPad. And SO light.My only concern when I was reading through these reviews in your shoes was that the processing power would be underwhelming. I have yet to encounter a legitimate issue. I am sure that if you had 15 tabs open that were all playing video and audio content simultaneously, you would see some stutter. But who legitimately switches between 10 or more open tabs productively? Either stop the pages or close the tabs! I can easily run 1080p60 YouTube vids, while editing an MS Word Online doc and Spotify playing for good measure, with no noticeable decrease in performance - if you need to do much more multitasking than that, then your problem isn't the Chromebook, its Chrome OS as a whole.Note: As other reviewers and posters suggested, I immediately switched to the Beta Channel and turned off a few surprisingly CPU-heavy extensions that are better purposed for Windows anyway (AdBlock for one) - I never used the default channel to compare performance.