New to Zenbook & new to Windows 10
from a beginners point of view, mostly interested in internet searches and communication, I bought this on the strength of more experienced computer users' reviews. my last computer was a 2010 sony vaio that weighed 6 lbs. and had a flimsy plastic outer top. it's battery lasted about 90 minutes max. 15.5 inch screen.By comparison, this Zenbook is like changing from video cassette to dvd. Everything is as good or better than the reviews , so I will not rehash what others already wrote.Here are a few useful bits of information.The aluminum shell is a big plus, gives it a solid feel and the hinge is smooth and strong. you can lift it by the screen half without any problem.The screen half is very slightly bigger than the body at the front corners, a shark nose style and for first time users, that is how to open it. Put a finger under the two front corners and lift.My Zenbook came with Windows 8.1 and I immediately used the linked upgrade to Windows 10. This took almost 3 hours. The battery came partly charged but I let it run completely down before charging it fully. I did this twice even though some said this " memory " charging was not necessary. Old habits die hard. Anyway my point is that you should not expect to put it to use immediately out of the box.The online instructions were not much use because they were for windows 8.1. I bought a guide to Windows 10, as I am new to it. Very easy and intuitive to use. Amazingly easy to e mail pictures etc.. I also changed the layout of the tiles on the start screen.One thing not covered in the instructions was how to page "home" and "end". You press function and the left or right arrow for this.For Windows 10 you have to create an e mail account in outlook. You can add other e mail accounts easily and have them all accessible from the same page.I found the McAfee pop ups very annoying. I uninstalled them , you can too by going to Settings>System>Apps and features, click on the program and uninstall.Windows 10 includes Windows Defender. I rely on this and not McAfee.A word of caution. I did pick up a malware tail while surfing and it was able to deactivate Windows Defender and this tail stayed on my top line and would not X out. However after uninstalling McAfee, the x out worked and Windows Defender came alive. Go figure.Please note. There is an ambient light sensor which is linked to the screen brightness. Indoors, I have found this to function contra to my expectations .Last point. Here is a tip for anyone setting up a product like Chromecast which is Google based. Rather than use room on my Zenbook and download Google, I used my smartphone instead. Now I can watch Netflix on my TV direct from my wi fi modem and my Zenbook is no longer tethered to the TV with a hdmi cable.Enjoy.