I love this little thing, but its not perfect.
Let me start off by saying this; I love this laptop, I really do. However despite how much I love it, it still has flaws. None of these flaws are significant enough for me to consider this thing useless of less than a fine piece of hardware. Make no mistakes, this is a fine piece of hardware that most users will be thrilled with, but there are a few small things that hold it back from me giving it five stars. Really quickly, I'd like to provide some perspective about where I am coming from when I use this computer. I have been for the past year or so now been using a monster of a desktop pc. This pc has a core i7-4790k running at 4.6Ghz on an ASUS sabertooth mark 2 mother board, these are paired up with a Radeon R7 290x (Yes weird graphics choice but I had one lying around). For peripherals I was using a corsair K70 with Cherry MX Blues, and a corsair M65. All of these things I built myself. So I know my way around a computer and I have been spoiled with hard ware for the last year or so.That all said, lets talk about the thing everyone really is concerned about. It seems to me that a lot of the negativity surrounding this laptop is aimed at the admittedly not great sounding 0.8Ghz dual core Core M. I admit at first I was skeptical of what this basically glorified tablet processor would be capable of. Now I can say without a doubt that any tablet with a core M is a monster! This laptop is quick, not fast, but quick. Most of this can be traced to its lighting fast M.2 SSD and its capacious ram. These two things make the laptop seem fast because significantly less time is required to access files. So when opening up chrome for example, there is little difference between this and my i7 beast. (I should mention that the desktop also has a SSD) Now there is a difference, the desktop opens everything except the largest programs immediately, this opens things just a little slower. This difference is honestly inconsequential, this laptop is more than fast enough to feel quick and responsive. That said when actual cpu intensive loads show their faces, this thing can get backed into a corner. For example, loading larger web pages takes noticeably longer on the laptop compared to the desktop, which again is instantaneous. Another area where this falls a little behind is multi tasking. On my desktop multitasking priorities do not exist, I can have as many things open and running as I want and apart from a little increase in fan noise, nothing changes. This is not the case here, while there is not fan noise, which is awesome, you are fairly limited to one task. I remember running a round of anti-spy ware software upon start up and then heading to chrome to do some browsing, a task that is more than easy on my desktop. I was a little disappointed  when I found out that I could not do this. The loading times of everything became unbearably slow and borderline useless. Oh well, not the end of the world but something to keep in mind.Next up; the screen and audio. First of all the screen is absolutely fantastic. Full 1080p60 with 76% SRGB color range. That was the thing I was impressed with first, and is still what I am most impressed with. It is very bright and colors look great from almost every angle. I was used to a glossy screen before so it took a tiny bit of getting used to but the lack of glare really makes it worth it. The only real negative about the screen is a fairly significant amount of back-light bleed on dark screens. That is me looking for things to complain about though, the only time I actually ever noticed it was during the start-up splash screen. The audio, well, yeah, it sucks. Lets make this extremely clear right now; THIS DOES NOT HAVE BANG AND OLUFSEN SPEAKERS. The only thing made by Bang and Olufsen in this laptop is the sound encoder. In all honesty the sound encoder in question is actually pretty average, which shocks some people when they check out Bang and Olufsen's website. That said it is no doubt a huge upgrade over what may have been put in here otherwise so it gets brownie points. The headphone experience is very good with a few exceptions, and those exceptions come in the form of the genuinely shocking software pre-installed for audio control. The software is chunky, useless and many times would not even close properly. Not a huge deal, just remove it...but man was it bad.Next up, key board and track pad. The key board was also a huge change of pace for me. Coming off of a top of the line mechanical keyboard to this guy was definitely a step down, but not as much as I was expecting. Yes the key stroke is very shallow, but aside from that the keyboard is excellent. The keys are some of the best balanced keys I have ever used and you will never have a missed stroke. They are also perfectly weighted and incredibly tactile, especially for how shallow of space they have to work with. They are however not back-lit which is not an issue for me, and the placement of the trackpad forces you to shift your hand ever so slightly when typing. The trackpad is also wonderful, there have been lots of complaints about it that I can't understand. Most important to me is its accuracy, its flawless, nuff said. The right and left click are for the most part easily distinguished although you might misplace a click from time to time. Multitasking gestures work absolutely perfectly and without and hesitation. Now the thing people all seem to hate, the fact that the trackpad clicks. If you are someone who hates trackpads that actually depress for a left click, then this thing will drive you mad, but as someone who loves this I have been thrilled. The click is very crisp and tactile if not just a tad heavy. The one complaint I have is how loud the click is, its honestly startling. The first time I clicked on something it shocked me. Its unfortunately loud and its really almost unacceptably so, but given the excellent nature of the rest of it I would let it go.Build Quality and I/O. The build quality is outstanding, it really is. The aluminum makes it feel like a premium device and gives it a very nice rigid feel. There is not a single thing on this that I have encountered that didn't feel absolutely perfectly made. As an added bonus, its to have a laptop that you can throw around with one hand. The I/O is very good in my mind, its not the best for a laptop but given its size I think its about right. It has three USB 3.0 headers with one being capable of quick charging, a four pole headphone jack, a card reader, and micro-HDMI. The card reader was a really nice add on as I see a lot of people using this laptop on vacations and the like to off load cameras and things like that. My only gripe here is the micro-HDMI. micro-HDMI cables are not easy to find and hooking up to literally any kind of display will require some kind of goofy adapter that you almost certainly not be able to find at walmart should you forget to bring it on a business trip. Oh well first world problem.Finally, things that kind of suck. All other things listed above are just things I was looking for to provide objective information. This is where I will complain about the stuff that just plain sucks. First of all, fan-less laptop technology, while damn close to being perfected, is not. This is really the only downside to this laptop, heat issues. First of all when watching movies for example, the passive cooling of the laptop will make most of the chassis of the laptop very warm, not even half as bad as previous laptops, but still some. This kind of sucks, but not nearly as badly as when you plug it in. If the battery gets low and you plug this sucker in while watching movies, well look out, you'll catch fire. It gets so hot on the bottom that it almost hurts to touch and as a result the CPU throttles so badly the video playback will begin to stutter and basically render movie watching impossible. This really sucks, and the only thing you can do to prevent it is either cool it somehow, or plug it in before the battery gets super low. If the battery is above 40 ish percent it doesn't seem to have any issues. The only other thing that kind of sucks, is its inability to play 1080p60 video. Now you might be thinking "wait before you said this thing had a 1080p60 panel in it" it does. But it cannot keep up with video over 1080p30, 720p60 runs just fine, but 1080p60 gets all kinds of little stutters during playback. This totally bummed me out because I was really looking forward to watching some great youtube content on this beautiful screen, oh well. It also seems to be a little picky on wi-fi, but our house may be having some issues all around, ill update.In conclusion this is a great laptop that I absolutely love. There are a few little things that you can pic at if you look for them, and some things that will most likely come to annoy the hell out of you, but what kind of laptop doesn't? All in all this laptop is extremely well built, good looking, and a great performer 85% of the time, the other 15% could mostly be fixed with better cooling. I personally feel like if I were to do it again, I'd have gone with the i5 version so I could multi-task a little better and watch my 1080p60 video. But with outstanding battery and more than enough power as a backup computer, I have to say its pretty excellent.