Perfect laptop for travelers, but no support for .tif files and no backlit keyboard.
I'm a PC guy who is getting fed up with Windows 8 and the constant updates, drivers, and software necessary to keep my Windows laptop running. Therefore, I wanted to make the switch to Chrome. This Chromebook is a great little laptop, and probably good enough for 95 percent of the population. However, sadly I had to return it, as it would not open .tif files, which is the format of all the files I have to use at work (administrative law). Since I plan on using my laptop mostly for work, this Chromebook simply won't work for that reason. But I did take the Chromebook on a 3-day business trip, on planes and trains, so FWIW, here is my review:First, I would like to note that I ordered Amazon same-day shipping in the afternoon and I received the product by 9 pm. That is simply amazing! As a prime member, the expedited shipping was only 5 bucks. Incredible.Pros: Now, as for the laptop. It looks really cool in black and is the perfect size for a laptop. I like the size of my 14" HP Ultrabook, however I think 13" is the ideal size for pulling it out at the airport or on the train and slipping back in my briefcase when I have to run. I also appreciate the matte screen, that is a huge plus for business travelers like myself, who are constantly pulling out their devices and trying to avoid the glare of the sun. I had no problem with the viewing angles, which I read about in other reviews. The keyboard feels great to type on, however the keyboard is not backlit. The Chromebook boots up SUPER FAST and shut downs fast too. I found all the links I click opened up fast, but not as fast as on my Intel Core I5 Ultrabook. It does take a half-second after you click something for the site to load, but it's hardly noticeable. The speakers sound great too, although I would prefer if they were on the front like my Ultrabook. The battery life is the best I have ever seen. I used it for 3 days before I had to charge it and I'm a heavy user. It charged fully in under 3 hours.Cons: Google Chrome does not support .tif files :( therefore the Chromebook is basically useless to me. It also does not have backlit keys, which means I have to use the overhead light on the plane in order to see the keys. I understand cutting costs, but backlit keyboards should be considered a necessity on any laptop. I think everyone who uses a laptop would prefer to see the keyboard without having to use a flashlight - just common sense stuff. Those are the only 2 cons I can think of. Other than that, this laptop is really just a perfect mobile device.Summary: If you travel for business or want something light and quick to use around the house, and you don't need to open .tif files, and you don't mind not being able to see the keyboard in a dark room, then GET THIS LAPTOP. If Google ever decides to support .tif files on the Chromebook, then I will be a Chrome fan for life. Google, hear my plea!