Well-Designed and Well-Constructed 11.6-Inch Notebook Computer featuring Good Quality and Terrific Value
The 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 represents one of the best inexpensive Windows 10 notebook computers that is currently available. Solely on the basis of value, it is an unequivocal five-star portable computer. It has a minimalist and attractive design, along with thin, light, and sleek construction, that is also sturdy and solid. It features an LED-backlit anti-glare 1366x768p HD display, which is bright and crisp, with vibrant color reproduction. For such a thin device, its keyboard and trackpad are excellent, providing good key travel and a smooth typing experience, along with fast and fluid Internet navigation. Also, for such a thin device, its connectivity is superb, and includes a USB 2.0 port, a USB 3.0 port, a full-size HDMI port, a full-size SD card slot, and 802.11a/c WiFi capability. It is equipped with 2GB of system memory, as well as 32GB of eMMC flash storage. This 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 is powered by the Intel Celeron N3050 dual-core mobile processor with integrated Intel HD Graphics, which is in the Intel Braswell platform of mobile processors, and is essentially a 14-nanometer die shrink of the 22-nanometer Bay Trail-M processor, which it replaces. It has a 1.6GHz base frequency, a 2.16GHz burst frequency, a 2MB Level 2 Cache, a TDP of 6 Watts, and an SDP of 4 Watts. It is an ultra-low-voltage processor, which features low power consumption, long battery life and run time, low heat generation, and a fanless and silent system. This Intel Celeron N3050 processor has sufficient capability for mainstream computing endeavors, such as Internet search, E-mail communication, social networking, typing documents, preparing slides, and creating spreadsheets, while delivering up to eight hours of relatively cool and totally silent run time. However, it is a low-power processor, which is designed to provide long run time and a fanless system, as well as enable thin and light construction. It is not suitable for processor-intensive activities, such as sophisticated photo and/or video editing, graphic design, or rigorous gaming. This computer comes with a one-year Microsoft Office 365 Personal subscription, as well as a Terabyte of Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage for a period of one year from the date of redemption. Acer has become the quintessential purveyor of affordable yet decidedly capable Chromebook computers, and their Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 unit is essentially a Chromebook-style computer, for those cloud-embracing users who prefer or need the Windows 10 operating system for their routine day-to-day computing activities, or for their work-related computing. The recently-introduced Windows 10 operating system has received consistently excellent reviews, and is widely considered to be one of the finest operating systems ever designed. In conclusion, this 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 is a thin, light, sleek, and capable portable computer, characterized by solid construction and impeccable value, and I give it my highest recommendation.Update on 09-14-2015: After one week of continual usage, I must report that I absolutely love this new 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 notebook computer. It is very sharp-looking and solidly-built, with no flex whatsoever, and it is thin and light enough that one hardly notices its presence in a computer case. Because "The Verge" is a such a colorful, content-rich, and graphics-heavy site, I have always used it as an informal metric of the quality of the color reproduction of a computer display, and the general capability of its processor. When scrolling through "The Verge" on this 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11, its color rendering is quite good, and its page loading and overall site navigation are fast and smooth. For those who prefer supplemental internal storage, its full-size SD card slot accommodates approximately three-quarters of my 128GB SanDisk SD card, and the USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 ports provide additional functionality as well. Transmission of Hulu and Netflix television programs and movies from its full-size HDMI port to my television via a long male-to-male HDMI cable has been absolutely flawless. Battery life and run time typically range from six to eight hours, depending on the type of activity and the processor workload. Its ultra-low-voltage Intel Celeron N3050 mobile processor does not require a fan, and relies on passive cooling, and the computer only becomes warm during long periods of more demanding usage, such as extended streaming of entertainment content. In reality, this 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 represents the Windows 10 equivalent of the wildly popular Acer C720 line of 11.6-Inch Chromebook computers, for those users who prefer a traditional PC, into which the standard mainstream programs can be installed in the traditional manner. Without a doubt, this 11.6-Inch Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 11 model provides a tremendous amount of computing functionality for a device whose price point is below $200.00, and it delivers great value for parents seeking to equip their children with capable yet affordable computers for the 2015-2016 school year, and beyond.