Not too shabby..
I spent about two months researching on Chromebooks to see which one to get. I am a web developer giving the Chrome OS environment a try with cloud-based IDE. I also heard Chrome OS has introduced a filesystem API which soon will allow me to connect to my sandbox server via SFTP. Anyways, this is my third day with it and here is my impression.The fan-less design makes it comfortable to use on your lap although it can get slightly warm if you're watching videos for long periods or charging your laptop on your lap (why do that). I really like the fact that it's fan-less since my Acer Aspire S7 (dual fans) were very loud and obnoxious. I don't care how much faster the Acer Aspire was, it was too annoying to use.Just to clear a few concerns that I had before purchasing this product, the lid was not hard to open, I can open it without using my fingernails. Originally, I thought it would be hard to open the lid but I was proven wrong the day I opened it. I am able to open the lid with one thumb although the base will lift up slightly if you don't hold it down gently. I was surprised on how easy it could open since I read some comments about it otherwise.The keyboard has an excellent feel and I have no complaints with it, I think all Chromebooks have good keyboards. The track pad has a slight grainy feel to it, which I actually like because it helps me pinpoint areas on the screen with accuracy. I can see where some people may not like this though.Battery life is good, I can get 7.5-8 hours on about 75% brightness and 9 hours on about 50% brightness.Display is beautiful, I think this is what makes it the best Chromebook (other than the Pixel). But for the value, I'd say this product is clearly the winner. No touch screen though, which is okay for me. I have a hard time using touch screens on a 1920x1080 resolution anyways. With more android apps coming to the Chrome OS though, we might need it, I'm not that worried though.I think the only complaint I have for this product is the performance which was what I expected going into this product. Honestly, the performance isn't that bad, so I'll try not to make it sound awful. I can stream Google play music, have my cloud IDE running and have several other tabs open (about 7 others). I also was able to run android apps like CloudMagic for my email client just fine but there will be slight stutters here and there when you have so many tabs open (I'd say 8-9 tabs). The stutters are only noticeable when you switch back and forth while other tabs are loading.Other than that one minor complaint, I would say buy it! It met my expectations. I still would not go for a more powerful chip if it meant that a fan would be needed. I just love fan-less devices!