Good for the Price
First of all, do not buy this with the expectation of customer support from Vizio. It is awful to the point of being useless. You will be talking to machines and form-letters. This is something you should just accept if you are going to buy this brand. They just don't care.That being said...this is a great TV for the price. The picture is bright but still has deep blacks (with the proper settings...the default settings are not the proper settings). The screen is really reflective and this will be a problem in bright rooms. I love the thin bezel. People have complained about the stand, but I found it to be stable. It is fairly thin as well if you want to wall mount. It is advertised as having a 120hz refresh rate...this is wrong. It is a 60hz TV. The 120hz option is basically a software hack (not on by default and can be disabled in the settings).The smart capabilities are a mixed bag. Your first hurdle will be getting it to recognize your WiFi. If you do not see your wifi appear in the list, keep trying. It is 2.4ghz only, so it'll be a problem if you are too far away from your router as well. You need to make sure it connects successfully during the set up process...if you try to set it up after the initial set up process, it will not work, even though the test says it is working. You'll have to reset the OS and start again.Once it finally connects, it will automatically update the OS. The OS it ships with is probably out of date. If you are not seeing an app set-up screen or your apps are not connecting, it means this step has not completed. There is no way to force a refresh of the OS...it is entirely on auto-pilot. You just have to make sure it is talking to your wifi.The on-screen settings menus are actually quite good. Far better than what I was expecting from Vizio. They are simple and intuitive and reasonably fast and responsive. The remote does feel kind of cheap, and is not illuminated. But I don't have a lot of problems navigating by touch in the dark.The Smart functions are a mixed bag. YouTube works very well. It works as well as it does on my smartphone. The Facebook app (as of this writing) is awful. No access to my feed at all...I have view photos in my albums, but thats it. There are a lot of apps available, but many are redundant. I could see myself potentially using Netflix, and I use YouTube a lot. I use iHeartRadio as well. But thats about it.Good news! It has DLNA support, and yes, it works. The DLNA menus are unintuitive, so get ready for a lot of trial and error. There is no way to connect directly to computers or media devices...DLNA is as good as it gets. It has native support for video and music formats, but it is VERY limited. You will need media service software on a PC to really get anywhere (I use TVMOBiLi...google it). Menu refresh/updating in DLNA mode is REALLY slow. I would keep your share folders clear and only move stuff into them when ready to watch.For the price, it's a great TV. Honestly, if you are willing to spend $50 or $75 more, you could probably get something a lot better (240hz refresh for example). But Vizio doesn't suck.