That'll do pig; that'll do.
This laptop is definitely satisfactory in every sense of the word, but slightly beyond. It does not lack in terms of what a usable laptop would have, except for storage and ram (though, for a chromebook it's not the end of the world for having those). Its screen isn't able to blow away an old mans hair piece, but it surely isn't letting that old man down; it leaves him content. It can get bright when it wants to and dark too; the quality is to a degree where any normal person in the market for a chromebook, or even a normal everyday -casual- laptop won't have much to gripe about. The speakers wont make you look like Blown-away- Man, not sure if you'd even want to, but they do the job they're suppose to and to a standard that won't disappoint. Personally in my experience they're pretty nice. Quality wise, you do have to be careful with the laptop(it does only weigh three pounds after all) ;however, that is not to say the build quality is terrible, I actually quite liked it. The only cheap looking piece I found to bother me is the border around the screen, but in every day use it won't bother you. Usability wise, I have found chromebooks to excel at what they do, which isn't much due to a lot of programs being incompatible, but there are alternatives....sometimes. For a guy like me who uses this laptop to simply browse the web or write code, it does just fine. I haven't experienced any slow down or lag while the laptop was in use except for when I first started connecting my seperate hard drive, but that passed. If you are reading this to determine if you should get a Chromebook, I would say that, yes, it can sometimes be hard to use, but its not rocket science. You will be limited in what you can do, but A) this is not supposed to serve as a replacement for more serious hardware, like a desktop, though it can hold its own and B) what it does do, it does well and to a point that is somewhat beyond being just satisfied. The screen does have bad viewing angles, and is somewhat more drab then some other laptops, but really only a picky person will be bothered by them. The speakers are fine, but really, just use headphones like a normal person haha. Do not base your purchase solely on what this review says; I may just be a very content person satisfied by things that aren't necessarily terrible and is ok with not having everything blow me away. You're definitely not going to feel the same way I do about the quality of this chromebook. Read other reviews, tips on how to use a chromebook, and other helpful things. Make sure to do your research before making an investment on a chromebook because it may or may not be what you're looking for.