MacBook Air at half the cost!
This is by far the best price-performance-quality  13.3" windows laptop currently available, period.Does it have room for improvement? Yes and here it is:1. Power button location. Not sure how this design has made it through usability testing or even early design stage. It is too easy to accidentally turn off this laptop while typing. Since the power button is located RIGHT next to backspace button. I'm glad that laptop is fast and it resumes almost instantly from sleep but....This needs to be revised ASUS!2. Hinge lifts the laptop off of it's feet. Strange as it causes the laptop to not firmly sit on its rubber feet and can potentially cause it to slide on a slick surface.3. No back-lit keyboard. Seriously this is an extremely useful feature. Many of us would gladly pay $50 more for this superb laptop if it featured a back-lit keyboard. I'm sure others would too. Do it ASUS!4. Not so much of an issue as an annoyance. Dark metallic surface of the UX305 shows fingerprints easily with minimal handling.Why 5 starts with the 4 above mentioned flaws? Simple answer; price to performance. At $699.00 with this build quality and specs, UX305 value for lack of a better word is UNREAL. Closest resemblance can be attributed to MacBook Air at DOUBLE the cost.The good:1. Beautiful all aluminum design. It's slick and it's slim yet sturdy.2. Its fast. This is not a hard-core gaming laptop mind you but for everything else its perfect.3. Its silent. Yes no fans...no noise.4. It has a superb non-reflective screen which mostly eliminates glare and looks beautiful doing it.5. It has 256 GB or SSD! This supplemented with some cloud storage is mostly all you need!6. 8GB of RAM. Yes it comes with 8 not 4GB of RAM at this price.7. it has 3! USB 3 ports! Where others more expensive laptops still give you mix of usb 3 and usb 2 to save money.8. Great battery life. Around 8 hours of continuous use.9. 13.3" screen. Which is ideal portable laptop size.10. It's 699! Nuff said!Don't just buy it. RUN before others realize what a great laptop it is and cause the back-order shortage.