Shockingly Amazing
If you had told me 6 months ago I would be buying a Toshiba laptop, I would have called you crazy. However, I found myself wanting something lighter than my MacBook Pro for traveling (particularly around the holidays), and did a lot of research before I pulled the trigger.PROS:* The full 1080p IPS screen is very nice. I work with MacBook Air laptops primarily in my office, and I wish they would incorporate this screen. True it's a bit glossy, but so are most TN panels out there, and most of them are not this resolution.* The CPU is plenty fast. Coupled with the 4GB RAM, I've never had any slowdowns with as many as 10 Chrome tabs and a couple of filesystem tabs open.* HD playback on YouTube is great. I haven't tested more than two videos at once (because why?), but two running side-by-side actually worked fine. Neither was fullscreen, but each was "HD."* This thing is dead silent. Since there are no fans, it's very pleasant to work on. It also never gets uncomfortably warm, despite the aforementioned lack of fans.* The keyboard is pleasantly clicky and the trackpad is very responsive. I'm more turned off by a bad trackpad than a bad keyboard, but honestly, both are generally pleasing to use for hours at a time. The trackpad is better than most modern Lenovo trackpads.* The speakers are really good. Again, coming from primarily a Mac environment, I'm actually shocked how much better these speakers produce sound than the MacBook Pro or Air. Fair warning - I'm not an audiophile, so my sound quality observations are from an untrained ear.* I happen to like the gray/silver, dimpled plastic feel. It's very grippy, and quite striking, even if it's not beautiful.* [EDIT] I recently added a 128GB SDXC card for media storage, and much to my delight, the card fits flush with the chassis. It's such a little thing, but it's exceedingly pleasant to maintain a smooth line with expanded storage; many $800+ laptops (looking at you, MacBooks) stick out and make them difficult to store without concern of damaging the card or port.CONS:* I'm a little disappointed by battery life. This is my personal, not-formal experience, but it feels like a stretch to get more than 4 hours out of the battery. I was hoping for more.* It doesn't feel particularly light, and there is a tiny bit of flex on the lid. It's not heavy and it's not creaking left and right, but I'd hoped for a bit more.* No backlit keyboard, but that's mostly a CHromebook complaint at large.* No built-in 4GOTHER NOTES:* I haven't tried the video conferencing capabilities of this machine yet.* Switching between Google accounts once in the machine is just as simple as it is in Chrome or any other web browser.* Setup was remarkably quick; in fact, there was a problem registering my account for the free 100GB of Google Drive storage, and I had to factory reset my machine to get it to work. Process took under 5 minutes.I bought this on sale for $270. With all the deals flying around, it was competing with a (then) $150 Acer C720, a machine which I have yet to try but which is excellent from most accounts. However, I can say with absolute certainty that this machine is worth the $270 I paid for it. It's my go-to machine around the house and when traveling, and unless performance plummits sharply for some reason, I expect that to remain the case for quite a while. Is it worth the $320 MSRP? I'm not sure, and probably not as a secondary laptop. However, I honestly think this could be a primary computer for someone cash-strapped who spends most of their productive time in a browser, and in that case, pay the $320 and get the screen, RAM, keyboard, and trackpad. The package is that good.