The "C720" of Windows Laptops
I am a HUGE fan of the Acer C720 Chromebook. It was simply one of the best inexpensive laptops ever made. While I do enjoy using Chrome OS, I have been hoping Acer would release a similar inexpensive laptop that ran Windows 10. The Acer Aspire One Cloudbook is that laptop.This laptop strikes the perfect balance between price, size, and performance.For starters, the body of this laptop is a bit more aesthetically pleasing than the utilitarian look of the C720. The edges are more rounded, and the lid has a porous texture to it. The plastic used in the construction of the body feels very solid and has very little flex. Overall if feels quite durable.Performance is "good." It runs Windows 10 well, and though it is not as fast as most laptops in the $500 range, it never felt slow enough that it frustrated me. I am a student, so a good example of performance is when I am doing research. I was able to run Word, PowerPoint, and Firefox with about 6 or 7 tabs without issue. Overall the experience is pretty smooth. Windows 10 itself is FANTASTIC, and very reminiscent of Windows 7 with a much sleeker interface. I was also able to do some light gaming on this laptop (puzzle and card games, as well as strategy games with low graphics requirements).The only downside to this laptop is the keyboard size. All of the keys are noticeably smaller than those on the Acer C720. This is especially apparent when I am typing a paper and go to hit the "Shift" key (which is tiny), and instead mash some other key close by. I have gotten used to the key size now and typing is not an issue, though I thought I should mention it. The travel distance and veritable "click" of each key press is very satisfying, and I always felt confident in my key strokes when typing long papers (never missing letters on screen or anything like that). The trackpad is pretty good. Scrolling in Firefox was sometimes frustrating, as it would not register or would seem "choppy." Otherwise, navigating with the cursor in Windows 10 using the trackpad was great overall.The display is average. Viewing angles are average. If you are using this laptop mostly for school or web browsing, it should work perfectly fine for that.The charging cable is long enough for typical use. It is also much thinner/smaller than the C720 charging cable, which is nice when traveling.Some other notes: the typical AmazonBasics 11.6-Inch Laptop Sleeve works perfect for this. I recommend buying that when you purchase this laptop. You do get a year of Office 365 Personal and 1TB of space in OneDrive (which rocks). Cortana (like Siri, but for Microsoft products) is amazing. Her search features feel more relevant and more complete than rival assistants from Apple or Google. Cortana can be invoked through the laptop's built-in microphone, or you can quickly access her from the Start menu.Bottom Line:The Acer Aspire One Cloudbook is a fantastic, inexpensive Windows 10 laptop. If you are a student that needs a cheap way to access the essential Microsoft products like Word, PowerPoint, or Excel, this can achieve that with flying colors.If, like me, you are attached to your Acer C720 Chromebook, you are going to love this laptop. This computer could very well become your "go-to" Windows portable.