Great laptop but needs ASUS to update the software
Every other reviewer has already mentioned the good stuff. Great display with high brightness and matte finish for a great viewing experience. Long battery life due to low energy use of the M processor. Has enough power for daily work and school, plus some Minecraft on the side. Thin, light, and sleek.My issues are as follows:The ASUS customized Intel 5300 graphics driver. A couple tech reviewers mentioned their issues with it as well. Basically the driver crashes, causing a temporary black screen, and then it starts working again. There are no updates available from ASUS at the moment to correct the issue.Sometimes when in desktop mode the pc will suddenly swap into metro mode. Don't know why.I keep setting the power option to "balanced" and after a while it swaps on its own to "high performance". can't seem to fix that either.It is a fingerprint magnet.I'm a little worried that the hinge opens too easily already. Hopefully it is just a light opening hinge and won't loosen up any more over time.So why four stars with all these issues? Because it's still a great laptop . To get this much tech, design, and performance for this price is hard to beat. This is the third laptop I've tried this month and it's the one I'm keeping.If ASUS gets the driver fixed I'd give it five stars because it'd be as close to perfect for me and my use as you can get. Hopefully the software gets fixed soon.UPDATE: I've performed a clean boot of the computer to attempt to tea k down the issues I was having. It seems I disabled something that may have been affecting my power settings and the randomly switching back to the metro display. The computer has retained my power setting choices and has not swapped over to metro on its own since enabling all the startup and service options again. Not sure which might have been the culprit.I deleted the ASUS graphics driver after downloading a newer version from Intel's website. ASUS recommended using the generic driver in an online chat with tech support. After removing the old driver and using the Intel one, I've only had one display driver crash while on low battery power during a game of minecraft with about 7 internet explorer Windows open. By comparison, the driver used to crash three or more times per use. So far everything is operating fine and I'll update this info if anything changes.The Bluetooth settings menu won't open sometimes and there are a couple quirks to connecting it with my JBL Flip. If already in a game I won't be able to have the Flip perform sound duty. If I start the Flip prior to game entry, it works fine. Swapped over just fine on Spotify, so it may be an issue in the game software itself and not the computer.For now, it's still a solid 4.