Overall Great for the Price, you might want an external mouse and keyboard.
Does a fine job, starts up fast and shuts down fast.  Needs a lot of updating and I am not that fond of the operating system.  I am writing this review on this computer.  It connects to the wifi easily in the restaurant where I am currently enjoying Italian food and wine while trying to write my book.  I had to get on Amazon and review this just to tell everyone that what you have heard about the keyboard is somewhat accurate.  It does not support overly fast typing speeds unless you are very careful and press hard. That being said it does improve your ability to push the keyboard buttons down as you get angry that you have so many typos.  I have had to correct this review twice so far were it has missed letters that  pressed too lightly.  The trackpad sometimes clicks in my text while I'm typing as well when I use the spacebar.  This could be avoided if the computer was lower than me and my hands were not on the laptop.  The battery life is good if you are not doing anything too intense.  It is sometimes hard to click with the trackpad as well.  I have played and enjoyed a few steam games on this computer, Postal 2 mainly, which is an old game but awesome.  I don't have virus protection because I use my Mac for browsing sites that could be dangerous and stick to what I know here.  I do use spybot s&d; free and it has found various things to fix but takes a while.  I would have liked blutooth but bought a $10 kinivo transmitter and it works great.  Sound is as expected, pretty good but it's a laptop, what do you expect?  Not as much bass as a subwoofer because the laptop would shake.  I do like that it has a numerical keypad but they put one of the arrow keys where zero usually is so I get out of order sometimes.  I only paid $229 when it was on supersale here and have had it for six months with no issues.  It doesn't come with an installation disc like everything else in the world and I uninstalled most features of which I later needed but the serial key I retrieved for Windows did not work to download Windows Media Center which I no longer need but heck if I'm going to pay for Windows features!  If I were really concerned with keyboard functionality and the trackpad I would get an additional keyboard and mouse.  I do use a usb mouse for gaming.  Can't go wrong for the price and RAM, my primary reasons for buying.  I like it because I don't worry about it getting hurt (I do everything in the cloud) or stolen.  It is the closest I could get to a good but inexpensive laptop that is basically disposable if need be.  Like if I have it in a hotel room while I am on a mission and the enemy gets the upper hand and I must leave in haste, then I can burn the harddrive remotely.  Yes the camera is lame and not very good quality, don't buy it for that, just get a usb hd camera for $50.  One thing to love over a mac is the extra buttons: home, pgup, pgdown, end, delete, prt sc.  These features are invaluable to me and I have always been disappointed in macs because of them even with the shortcuts that they provide for prints screen functions.