Very Happy - Running Linux Mint 17.2 - System Is Perfect For My Needs
This review is based on the ASUS Zenbook UX305FA running Linux Mint 17.2 with the MATE desktop - NOT Windows.Although the box that the Zenbook was shipped in probably could have held two Zenbooks, there was only a single sheet of brown paper about five feet long used as cushion. This provided so little protection, they might have just left it out. Despite this, my Zenbook managed to arrive in one piece. The first thing I did once I had the laptop plugged in and on my desk was to insert a USB 3 flash drive with Linux Mint and boot to it before Windows ever had a chance to come up. In less than ten minutes, I had Linux installed and running with no issues.Specifics related to Linux / Linux Mint (I guess you can skip this if you're going to run Windows) - Suspend, power save features, volume control function keys, etc. are almost all recognized right after install. The only exception was the brightness controls, although brightness is still configurable elsewhere (power management specifically). The graphics were configured automatically and without issues and the system is running an open source video driver that seems to preform well. The system boots fully in less than fifteen seconds. I haven't timed it yet, but it's certainly plenty fast. Desktop feels very responsive. Between the SSD and 8GB of RAM, I seriously doubt that this machine wouldn't be able to run anything I need to do - most of what I do being general desktop stuff like web, email, music, movies, some sound editing and some graphics editing. I realize that most people will stick with Windows, I just thought I would relay my experiences with Linux.Screen - Bright and crystal clear. I prefer the matte finish as it doesn't reflect the lights as badly as glossy screens. This will be especially helpful in the office where lights are hard to avoid. The resolution is a bit much for such a small screen, but adjusting the size of the fonts makes it readable without thick glasses and that resolution will be nice when watching videos and editing images.Quiet - One of the top reasons I went with this model was the lack of any moving parts and the resulting lack of any noise. It's so very nice. I'm very fond of silence. It's also nice not to have to worry about dust eventually clogging up any fans.Cooling - I have been operating the system for about three hours and it's lightly warm to the touch, but not nearly uncomfortable. I think that because Linux has so much less overhead than Windows, I'm not going to be pegging the processor on simple tasks so I won't have to worry about heat unless I'm doing some heavy duty stuff.Sound - Meh. It's a small laptop - I didn't expect it to shake the windows. It's adequate from the speakers - but if I were in a coffee house or restaurant where there was an average level of noise, I would expect I'd be unable to hear it at all. Headphones sound great. No hiss even on high volume and no popping. For listening to music while I work, that'll do fine.Wireless - I live in a very old brick house and wireless is always a little sketchy here. It's either the brick, loads of lead paint or multitude of other electronic devices I have interfering so I usually get average speeds. The Zenbook seems to be doing a little better than average. I moved around the house and never lost my connection, so I'm happy.Keyboard - Feels firm, keys aren't mushy and they're pretty quiet when typing. I have always liked the flat style laptop keyboards - so much so that I get the same style on full 104 key keyboards for my desktops. I looked closely at the keys to see if the letters and symbols were "painted" on or were integrated into the plastic of the key but I couldn't tell. I always worry about the letters starting to wear off after time. I don't know what it is about how I use a keyboard, but sometimes this starts to happen in about a year of use and it frustrates me. If the letters are painted on, they did a good job. I don't know if they'll wear off eventually or not, but I'll be watching...Battery - Not tested yet so I can't say one way or another.Conclusion - I'm very happy with the machine. I would have loved to have had the option of the same system with a backlit keyboard, but I opted for this one despite the lack of a backlit keyboard because everything else was exactly what I wanted. I'm glad I bought it and I look forward to using it frequently.