Beware the Dreaded Bloatware!
I'd love to give the Acer Aspire Cloudbook five stars - but the amount of 'bloatware' lowers the buyer experience.The Good - after installing Office 365 (not the 1 year license that comes with the machine; I already had an Office license so I deleted the included application and installed my own), Belarc Advisor, CCleaner, TeamViewer, and several printers (and removing bloatware) I still have over 11gb of internal storage remaining.Performance is brisk (for a light duty netbook - not comparable to a full fledged laptop with 16gb of RAM and an SSD) when running Office apps or browsing the web.  Unlike some other users I've not experienced terrible performance when more than one browser window is open; however I don't run movies or play online games.  My primary purpose is to create Word and Excel documents, use the machine to remote into other machines for support, and to check email via Outlook.EDIT:  As an experiment I opened up multiple web pages (in Microsoft Edge) and those pages with embedded videos and such absolutely slowed to a crawl.  Even scrolling up/down was a trudge.  This doesn't affect my usage (M/S Office is quick to respond and LogMeIn and TeamViewer run quite well) but for those who need to do considerable web surfing should be aware.  I repeated the web page experiment after setting I.E. 11 as the default browser and performance 'seems' considerably better than under Edge.  Perhaps it's just my own perception.  YMMVThe keyboard is acceptable (although there is no light for the Caps Lock key, nor is there a dedicated "Home" key).  Space is limited on an 11" device and Acer has done a nice job figuring the keyboard out.(EDIT - I should have noted that the "Home" key is combined with the left arrow key and can be accessed using the Fn key.  Also one can use software utilities (Google "Keyboard LEDS" or some such) to have the caps lock key indicated on screen when the NumLk, Caps Lock, and/or ScrLk keys are activated.  One can also access "Ease of Access" in control panel and customize the Keyboard so that a tone sounds when the Caps Lock key is pressed; I found that quite irritating and thus installed a software utility (which was freeware)).The touchpad is also acceptable, although the surface is a bit slicker than I would prefer.For users setting up with an existing Windows account things couldn't be much easier - log in with your credentials and after a few minutes of loading your profile you're good to go.Fit and finish is acceptable - but just.  The plastic housing is not of the highest quality (it's a $200 machine; there have to be compromises made somewhere).Wireless was a breeze to hook up; there is no Ethernet cable port unless one uses a (not included) USB/Ethernet adapter.The SD card port offers expanded storage space but the card only inserts about 1/2 of the way into the port.I purchased the machine to replace a Samsung 11" Chromebook - there were too many 'work arounds' for using a Chromebook in a Windows environment to deal with.  The Acer runs Office 2016 with no problem and file transfers even without using the Cloud are easy.The Bad -Bloatware.  I spent about an hour clearing out the junk that Acer left resident on the machine (including the Office app, which I didn't need).  Acer Cloud, McAfee's, Amazon 1 Button Appp - the list goes on.  I deleted everything labeled "Acer" and then everything else I didn't need.This sort of thing in this day and age is stuff and nonsense - just give me the Operating System and if you MUST make 'special offers' then give me a link, don't install the software as the default.  The irritation level with deleting all of the junk was quite high - high enough to drop a 5 star machine to a 4 star rating.This machine is great for students who don't intend to play online games or business travelers who don't want to carry a full sized laptop or those who are exasperated with Chromebooks in a Windows Domain.  The machine speaks for itself - there is no HTHreason for Acer to clutter it up with bloatware.Other than the bloatware I would seriously recommend this machine for consideration.EDIT - I should have mentioned that the Windows 10 Home version does not offer BitLocker encryption, and that the Microsoft "Device Encryption" feature doesn't run on the Acer hardware.  Those needing to encrypt the drive will need a 3rd party application, or upgrade to Windows 10 Pro.EDIT - I installed the last stable version of TrueCrypt  (ver 7.1a); note that it is no longer being developed by the original team; if interested you may Google TrueCrypt.  The installation of the encryption software went smoothly.  I opted for an encrypted 'container' of 1 gb rather than encrypt the entire C: drive.  Performance hasn't dropped a whit, other than the time it takes to mount the encrypted container (you have to type in a password; once the password is entered mounting is nearly instantaneous).  This is $99 cheaper than installing Windows 10 Pro and, for the foreseeable future, as secure (IMO) as BitLocker.  YMMV.EDIT:  I connected a Toshiba 1 terabyte USB drive without any issues (the USB 3 port powered the Toshiba drive easily).  Transfer times were what one would expect of a USB connection.  This allows one to have quite a bit of external storage space w/o carrying another power supply.EDIT:  WINDOWS 10 UPDATE 1511,10586 RELEASED NOVEMBER 10 2015 - You will almost certainly need to have external storage available when running this major update from Microsoft.  DO NOT use an SD card; early versions of the update had issues with some hardware and access the SD card storage (M.S. is reportedly working on this issues).  I used a 64gb USB thumb drive.  That's a bit of overkill but I wouldn't recommend anything under 8gb.  You need to have the USB drive in place before starting the upgrade, then just follow the Windows prompts.After the update the new Windows 10 had used nearly ALL of the available C: drive; I had only a few hundred mb left.  I ran DiskClean and selected "Cleanup System Files" and when all was said and done I ended up with more free space on C: drive than I had before the upgrade.PATIENCE will be the operative word on the upgrade - I set it up to run then went out to mow the lawn.  The upgrade was much slower to install on the Aspire than on my laptop and desktop machines.Performance doesn't seem to be any different and the upgrade did not harm any of my data files, including the BitLocker 1gb encrypted drive.  New features on the upgraded Windows 10 can be easily Googled.  I've read reports that some software packages, such as SpyBot, will need a re-install.Interestingly a number of apps that I had removed from the Acer (Money, Sports, Acer Explorer) re-appeared after the update and I had to remove them manually.HTHRegards,Jim