Couldn't Be Happier w/ This Purchase
Love, love, LOVE!  I couldn't be happier with this laptop.  I really wanted to get the new MacBook, however I just couldn't rationalize spending close to $1500 for a laptop that I would use surf the internet and other basics.  This laptop was more than I expected and so happy I bought this instead of going the more expensive route.The Good:- I'm a fan of Windows10. I did not like Windows 8 and felt it was so geared towards tablet use only. The new Windows has the best of both worlds.  Even though this laptop doesn't have a touch screen, the UI is still very user friendly and enjoyable to use.  One downside of Windows though (nothing to do with this laptop) the App store isn't the greatest.  Apple hands down is superior in that department.- The screen resolution on this is amazing.  So crisp and clear, great for watching videos- The laptop feels very sturdy.  It's an aluminum build, so it's a bit heavier that I thought it would be, but really it's not that heavy. It's very transportable and easy to take around the house or even in a bag.- The keyboard is easy to type on and I actually enjoy using this- The battery life is incredible.  I charge it every night, however on the weekends when I'm sitting on the couch watching TV and playing around on my laptop, it lasts me all day (and then some if I didn't have access to a plug).- The trackpad.  So this is on my good and bad list.  When I first got the laptop, the scrolling capabilities weren't there.  I needed to download  a upgrade to get it fixed, but once I did it worked perfect.- The laptop is so thin!  Exactly what I was looking for- Fast processor makes for fast page loading and no delay's while typing, opening apps, etc.- Great sound qualityThe Improvement List (Won't even really call them negatives)- It's a bit hard to open the lid of the laptop.  I wish there was a little finger groove at the top of the screen.  Would help in that department- Again, the trackpad didn't work as designed.  Had to download an upgrade at Asus' website for the fix.- Wish there was a backlit keyboard (however this would kill the battery life a bit so I understand why they didn't include this)- The color could be a little bit more Gold (sometimes it looks Silver, but depends on the lighting)- Camera is so so, not the greatest quality but I don't really plan on using this much for photo takingAll in and all, I couldn't be happier with this purchase and I would highly recommend it for those that need a superb everyday laptop.