Surprisingly fast
pros: Lots of Ram, Large SSD, Battery Life, Portable, Screen Resolution, number and type of ports.cons: integrated graphics card, windows 8 (not ASUS fault can be fixed for free when windows 10 is released)This laptop is truly amazing. My old laptop which has been my main computer for the last 4 years has a 2.6 GHz processor and 4 gigs of RAM. I have owned and use the ux305 for about a week and run test to compare it to my old laptop. The first thing you have to realize is that this laptop will not be able to out perform a desktop or even many other laptops, but it can keep up with them without too much touble. It does not have the processor speed necessary to be a blazing fast, set the world on fire, kind of computer. That being said it is surprisingly fast. I am a graduate mechanical engineering student in Mechanical Engineering and I routinely run very demanding programs, COMSOL multiphysics (which is a computational modeling software), SolidWorks, Matlab, computer programing, etc. and this computer can handle it without a problem. Programs like SolidWorks and COMSOL require lots of processor power because they do a lot of work under the hood, but the processor can ramp up from .8 GHz to 2 GHz when necessary.Comparing it to my old laptop it runs these programs equally as fast or faster. Start up times and run times were equal to or faster than with the old laptop possible\y do to the extra RAM and SSD. Where you will really notice a problem is if you try and run programs which are very graphic intensive. The ux305 has an integrated graphics card so its ability to render complicated graphics is limited. You will not be able to edit tons of HD video or replace your gaming computer with this laptop, but I was able to play Team Fortress 2 and Boarderlands 2 without a problem; those are older games but that gives you an idea of the type of games the processor can handle. I was really worried about ux305's ability to run the programs I needed it to given its slower processor, but in my experience the only difference I have noticed as been marginal at worst if at all. I would definitely recommend this laptop to anyone.