Google Chrmebook, Fun, Fast and Interesting, But be ready for a bit of a learning curve.
I really like the chromebook that I got for Christmas in 2014.  My daughter picked it from my wish list but upgraded the model to the one with 4GB of memory.  The Gogle Chrome OS takes some getting used to for sure!.  This system does not allow any third party software to be loaded into the computer.  That was a shock to me and a bit of a bummer.  The Google Pllay Store has lots of games, a good office suite and, I think maybe even a great graphics and drawing program.  I am still exploring those.  The great thing about them is that most of them are free and those with a cost seem to be more than reasonable.I also bot a Canon Pixma MG5620 printer from Amazon.com.  Since the printer is wireless and also Google CloudPrint ready I can print to it direly from files saved to Google Drive.  It took a bit for me to learn how to do this, and a call to my Internet Provider Service to find out how to set my modem to hook up to the printer.  Once that was done, printing using Google Cloud was/is easy.  I will be testing out the wireless LAN printing later this week.  Connecting my chromebok to the printer was/is very easy.Since gmail accounts also connect seamlessly to Google Chrome and Google Drive, sharing text and photos with my family and friends using email is also very easy.  All in all I find my chromebok both fun and easy to use.  The battery life is something - - up to  twelve hours depending on what one does in that time.  Some things, like movies and such, use more battery than others.  Recovery time for the battery is very quick, in my opinion, as it rechatges to a full charge in under two hours, even with me using the machine while the battery charges.One very positive thing about the chromebook is that it is hard to hack and, since it does not accept third party software, I don't have to run tons of virus protection software and can surf the net in relative confidence that I will not be downloading any torjans or malware.  Google does have a free app that adds another layer os protection to kep things private and protected.  It also works if one chooses to surf incognito, which is another included feature of my Google Chromebook.  I can see where this operating system could very well be the way of the future.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that there are no  known graphics software manufactdurers (like Corel or Adobe) who have stepped up to make a Google Chrome version of their products.