Toshiba Chromebook 2 + Linux = Fantastic low cost, high portability computer
BTW, if this thing is still on pre-order at Amazon when you read this, consider doing like I did and picking one up at Best Buy.  Much better option than waiting or paying the price premium to buy from their third-party partners.  I posted a full review over on BB, feel free to go there and check that out.If you're reading this, you know this is a great machine on paper, but you have your doubts.  So did I, but no more - they have been erased by my experience.The concerns I had going in to the purchase were about the performance ("not as good as Haswell-based machines" sounds scary but really means nothing to me) and about the readability of text due to the high resolution display.If you're running Chrome OS as most of you will be, your options on resolution are limited but worth pursuing.  Apparently you can switch to an experimental channel for Chrome OS itself, or you can change the zoom for Chrome itself (which fixes most text but still leaves controls small), but for me, simply downgrading the resolution one notch is actually my favorite option.  Ctrl+Shift+"+" kicks it down to 1536x864, which is still better than most other Chromebooks or low end laptops but much more readable on a 13" display than 1920x1080.I, however, bought this to run Linux, which provides enough control (although still not as complete as I'd like) over how things are scaled.  I found with a few tweaks I can keep the display at full resolution but still still have "most" text and controls readable.  Or, if I get tired to the few controls that still won't scale, I could use the same solution of reducing resolution one notch.So no matter whether using Chrome OS or Linux, the resolution issue is one you can deal with.  So for me the remaining concern was performance.If you're using Chrome OS for the sorts of things it was designed for - web browsing including Google Docs - it's really hard to see how anyone could complain.  Things work just fine.  If you are trying to play graphics-intensive games, that could be another matter, but I think for most people, it's just a non-issue, period.Linux allows you to do more than Chrome OS, so there is more cause to care about performance.  But after a week of use, I'm happy to say it is exceeding my expectations by a considerable margin.  I have Linux (Ubuntu) on a fairly high end (and huge/heavy) "gaming" laptop and of course the Chromebook 2 (also running Ubuntu) is not as fast as that, but in every possible way it comes off as noticeably faster than my somewhat older quad core Windows laptop.  Some of that difference is Linux versus Windows, some of it is SSD versus HDD, some might have to do with other hardware, but I guess the point is, raw CPU performance is probably overrated for most purposes.  I am doing software development, and on the Chromebook 2 my compiles run faster, the software I am working on (MuseScore, for those curious) *runs* faster (even though I might have thought it was largely CPU-bound), and virtually everything else about this machine just feels faster and quite literally "lighter weight" than my Windows laptop.If there is one very slight complaint I have with the Chromebook 2, it's that the power cord is not the tightest-fitting I've ever seen (nor is it the loosest!).  Do be sure to plug it all the way in - it kind of feels like it is plugged in before it totally is - but even fully plugged in, there is a bit of play.  Oh well.  Beyond that, build quality is really quite good especially considering the price.Bottom line: Toshiba nailed it with this Chromebook 2.  Going with the Bay Trail processor allowed for the smaller/lighter/fanless form factor which I think is going to matter more to most people than whatever slight performance drop there might be compared to some other machine.  It's still going to be more than fast enough, and indeed faster than a lot of other not-so-old machines.  Whatever complaints anyone might have about font scaling due to the high resolution are not the fault of the machine - it's a software issue, and you can work around it through the software as well.EDIT: I see some other people are complaining about performance, saying that there is a several second delay typing if you have more than two tabs open.  I have no idea what these people are talking about, and wonder if perhaps they have a defective unit or something else running in the background that they have forgotten.  As I mentioned, I am running Ubuntu under crouton, which means it is running *in addition* to Chrome OS.  As I type this, I have 7 browser tabs open in Ubuntu (plus three or four I have open on the Chrome OS side), also eight *other* applications running - an IRC chat app, QtCreator (a software development environment), MuseScore, and a 300+ page document loaded into Google Docs - a variety of things both big and small, and they are all running just fine.  At no time while I am typing this is there even the *slightest* lag in my typing. I just loaded a 100+ page PDF, and it scrolls just fine too.  Takes maybe half a second for the screen to redraw if I drag the scrollbars a long way extremely fast; using the keyboard or touchpad gestures it's virtually instant.  I'm pushing this machine *hard* and it's standing up just fine performance-wise.There's just no way the Bay Trail CPU lags noticably just typing with a couple of chrome tabs open.  That's almost laughable considering how much I am doing on this machine with no problems whatsoever.