Excellent Small, Light Laptop
Product: ASUS Zenbook UX305LA (with Windows 10) (Amazon tends to lump reviews of related products together)The ASUS ZenBook hardware is excellent.  I expected to hate Windows 10 since Microsoft has made Windows worse with each version after WinXP) but surprisingly Windows 10 is not annoying at all and so far I've found it fairly easy to find and configure anything I needed.  Windows 10 isn't very good for privacy though and I highly recommend reading this article and adjusting your settings: http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/bitwise/2015/08/windows_10_privacy_problems_here_s_how_bad_they_are_and_how_to_plug_them.htmlI love taking this laptop on vacation (and leaving the power adapter at home). With light usage after two weeks I still had the battery read 75% charge and 10 hours of life left!  Admittedly my usage is very light and doesn't tax the battery (mostly just reading a Kindle book).  It really does have excellent battery life.  This laptop makes an excellent alternative to having a tablet.Update: I've been doing some gaming on this laptop.  It makes a pretty good game machine (add a mouse onto it, I dislike using the touchpad for gaming).  The battery power appears to be about 3 to 4 hours while gaming (and the bottom rear edge of the laptop does get fairly hot).  I also did some batch photo editing work.  Very impressive!  Modifying 1145 photos took 29 minutes on my main PC but only 8 minutes on the laptop!  Kudos partly to the SSD drive, partly to 64 bit (vs 32 bit) software and perhaps also to having more RAM.The 1920 x 1080 screen is excellent.  Boot up and shut down time (largely due to the SSD drive) is fantastic, it takes eight seconds to start up (from powered off state) and one second to shut down (if nothing is running).  I think they are "cheating" by only turning off the display quickly since the power button stays illuminated for a half dozen seconds after the screen has gone blank.ASUS does preload a few things.  The pop ups encouraging you to use various things are a bit annoying.  I tried turning these notifications off and now the "system" screen locks up frequently. (looks like Microsoft has a few bugs to fix!)  I'd far prefer that they shipped it with ONLY Windows and provide extra software on a flashdrive (since this laptop doesn't have a optical drive).  Still with only loading a few things of my own I am only using 34.3 GB of the SSD drive.Windows 10 does have some odd quirks like WordPad is NOT listed under "all apps" yet you can run it. Update: Windows 10 has been a bit weird and had some failures doing updates, but now the new major update "All your files are exactly where you left them" has just updated (even though I turned off Cortana it seems to want to talk to me now) and it seems like there are a few improvements to Win10 now.In case it isn't obvious, the 13" cases available in local stores fit this laptop with plenty of room to spare.  The laptop is very sturdy and doesn't seem prone to bending but I'd still recommend a padded pouch to protect it from scratches and stray bumps.Just to be clear: there is no external monitor connector except for the mini HDMI connector (you'll have to buy a cable).To get into the BIOS you have to very quickly press the F2 "Airplane" key immediately after powering on.Things I would change:1) I would make the arrow keys larger - these are smaller than the main keys yet for me they are one of the most frequently used keys.2) I would *not* put the power button near the backspace key!  It's not a big deal but it is a bit shocking the first time you put the laptop to "sleep" accidentally when you meant to hit backspace.3) I would make the delete key larger.4) I miss having a "Windows" key on the right side of the keyboard so that locking the PC with "Windows+L" is just a single hand operation.