Tried Pixel and Acer Chromebook 11, Kept Toshiba Chromebook 2
I have wanted to get a Chromebook for a while now, but since my Windows laptop was working fine, I didn't think I could justify a new device. In the past couple months, I became very annoyed with the battery life of my Windows laptop and the weight (more than 5 pounds). I also became less enamored with my Nexus 7 (and tablets in general) and decided that I wanted to see if a lighter Chromebook could serve my casual surfing needs better. With the release of the Chromebook Pixel 2, I decided to jump in. It's worth noting that I had already moved all my files to Google Drive years ago and have had no problems adjusting to the limitations of a Chromebook.When I received the $1,000 Pixel, I was immediately quite pleased. It had a great screen, great battery life, and a great track-pad. However, after a couple days I noticed that the WiFi was slow after I woke it from sleep (verified by speed tests). If I disconnected and reconnected, it would go back to normal. This was 100% reproducible. Having tested it with two other Chromebooks side by side, and on multiple routers, it seems that the Pixel I received has some flaw that causes slow WiFi. Google refused to acknowledge the problem. While I like everything else about it, I couldn't justify spending $1,000 on something clearly broken.The next Chromebook I ordered was the Acer Chromebook 11 for $180. My first impression was fantastic. It was snappy and disposable. That might seem like a strange thing to list as a positive quality, but I actually viewed the shiny aluminum on the Pixel as a negative. I'm much more interested in a light and durable device that I don't worry about setting on concrete, a messy table, etc. I wasn't ecstatic about babying the Pixel for the next 5 years. However, after using the Chromebook 11 for a few days, I couldn't get over the horrible screen. It wasn't simply okay, it was terrible. And every time I opened the thing I noticed. If I used it for a little bit, I got used to it. But then I'd open the thing later, and my heart would sink.I realized I needed a better screen, so I ordered the $300 Toshiba Chromebook 2. My first impressions were not overly positive. It was slower than the first two Chromebooks, and I immediately noticed that it could not handle 1080p60 videos on YouTube without stuttering. The track-pad was not as nice, and Chrome OS made everything tiny. But the screen looked good. You might be surprised that I ended up keeping the Toshiba. However, after switching between the three Chromebooks for a few days, I realized that I was happiest with the compromises on the Toshiba. The slowness wasn't that big a deal. I don't watch too many 1080p60 videos on YouTube. I figured out I could change the resolution with Ctrl+Shift+plus or minus, so when I wanted 1080p I could have it, otherwise I always have it set one resolution lower (this also seems to make it faster). I could put up with the track-pad. I decided to send back the other two Chromebooks.I gave away my Nexus 7. I realized that there wasn't really a scenario where I wanted to use a tablet. Either a smartphone or a light Chromebook served my needs better in every situation. That or a big TV.If you are in the market for a Chromebook, I recommend the Toshiba Chromebook 2.Update: I've decided I want to add a description of my ideal Chromebook for Toshiba or anyone else that is interested. Basically it's a modified version of the new Macbook.2 pounds (this is important. The Pixel is 3.3 pounds)Core M processor (so fanless but still powerful enough to render pages without issue)4 GB of RAM (it's difficult to need more on a Chromebook, I think)12 inch 1080p IPS display in a 3:2 aspect ratio (so not exactly 1080p but you get the idea)Chrome OS modified so if can handle the aspect ratio without annoyance16 GB of storage (I currently use 0 GB, and the only use case I plan on using is pinning a Google Play movie or two for a flight)Great keyboard and trackpad (but it doesn't have to be the best in the universe)Durable casing (I don't mind some matte plastic)The single USB type C port is fine (with the headphone jack)10 hour battery lifeIf someone built that for $1,000 or less, I would buy it. It saves money over the Macbook on the screen, the RAM, the storage, and the casing. So my impression is that this is totally doable.