Really good, not perfect
First of all price, the Amazon sellers are charging substantially above MSRP, but you can find a BigBox store selling for less than MSRP, with free shipping.  That's where I got mine.  The spread in pricing is significant.As others have said, performance is fine, screen is great, and I'm glad I didn't settle for a smaller 11.6" model.  It's light, sturdy, looks good and travels well.  I have Linux installed using 'crouton', very fast although takes a while to adjust to the terminology.  Once installed, you can switch back and forth quickly with hotkeys.Hardware is very good, but a few irritations.  Really missing a delete key, using backspace just doesn't do it for me.  The touchpad is integrated together with the left and right mouse buttons,  provides some interaction between fuctions that isn't optimal.Probably the biggest issue is neither Chrome nor Linux handles the high resolution on a 13" screen very well, everything is just too small.  You'll have to set a lower resolution, which obviously defeats the advantage of the high-res screen.Overall a very nice unit, one of the best available.  Totally quiet, and haven't noticed any significant heating due to lack of fan.  Wish the 16 gig flash were replaceable, since really huge modules are available now at attractive prices, but do appreciate the SD card being almost flush when inserted, unlike some of the competing units on the market.  The power connector is almost a loose fit, probably won't fall out, but not as snug as it should be.  Also it sticks out far enough to be a concern that it might get over-stressed with rough handling.Edit  Dec 30:After more use, really would have preferred a matt screen over the glossy.  Somebody claimed there's no glare, not sure what planet they're on.Also first attempt at HDMI to TV didn't go well.  You can't see an open browser on the TV until you close the lid, normally you just get the background.  Also, scaling was not right, much too big to fit the screen.  I'll have to play around to see if that can be fixed.Turns out problem with HDMI was caused by running reduced resolution on the computer screen.  Set it back to default full high-def and the TV displayed things correctly.  Maybe someday Chrome will handle these things better.