Read my review. Do not look any further!
I don't really like writing reviews, but I know there are people out there that are hesitating about purchasing this HP Chromebook 14. I'm telling you now that you will not regret it. Trust me when I say that I did so much research on Chromebooks before buying this laptop and it was so hard for me to decide. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to do much on the chromebook. I had an HP Envy dv6 running Windows 10 before I purchased the HP Chromebook 14. It was 15.6 inches and heavy, so I avoided taking it to school at all costs. I'm a college student and finals week is coming up, and I really wanted a light laptop I could carry in my backpack. After hours of looking into Chrome OS, I gave in and bought the HP Chromebook 14 (the 4gb one). It arrived safely and on time. As soon as I powered the laptop on, the chrome logo came up and all I had to do was sign into my Google account and everything was set up already. This laptop is beautiful. I purchased the silver one, and if I want to add some color, I'll probably just purchase some skins later on.I usually use my laptop to video stream, web browse, and create/edit Word documents. I've been using this chromebook for a few days already and I have had no problems at all. Youtube, Netflix, and Hulu run very smoothly. The screen resolution is 1920x1080 HD and it looks absolutely beautiful. The screen is a matte finish which prevents glaring if you're in the sunlight. I have no complaints at all about the screen. The brightness is amazing. Absolutely no complaints here.Web browsing on Chrome is very smooth. It's the only browser I have used on all computers I come across. All my bookmarks are there and I'm used to how it works, so it's very easy for me to manage my chromebook. I was worried my chromebook wouldn't read my USB flash drive, which is where all my homework and school stuff is saved on. I plugged it into the laptop, and it popped up in the "Files" folder. Everything ran smoothly. I can create and edit my homework documents through the Chrome Microsoft Word Extension. Everything saves automatically. If you don't like using the Word extension, you can also use Google Docs. I'm just used to Word and it's what I feel most comfortable with.I don't own an iPhone, but I do have an iPad mini. However, I don't really need to plug my iPad to a computer for anything, so I wasn't worried about the fact that Chrome OS doesn't support iTunes. I have a Samsung Note 4 and I was concerned that my chromebook wouldn't recognize it via USB. It didn't work on the USB ports on the left side of the laptop, but it did work on one USB port that's on the right. I found out that's the one for data transferring (USB 3.0). I can transfer files from my Note 4 to my Chromebook without a problem.I have had a pleasant experience with my HP Chromebook 14 these past few days. It's really good for multitasking. I'm currently writing this review while Pretty Little Liars is playing on Netflix in another window (No lagging :)). I forgot to mention the battery life is great! I used it a whole day without having to plug it in! Definitely a plus. The only negative thing I can say is that there is no backlit keyboard. My old laptop didn't have one either, but it doesn't really bother me because I'm used to it. I'm very happy with my Chromebook. I just bought a case and it's arriving in 2 days. I can do homework and watch Jane The Virgin, and I'm okay with that! I definitely recommend this Chromebook if you are like me and are looking for a laptop that can do basic things like web browsing, video streaming, and homework all at the same time.