Great Basic Laptop For Windows 10
The Toshiba Satellite C55 is a great basic laptop for Windows 10.  It came with Windows 8.1 but after I installed Windows 10, the Satellite runs Microsoft Office and streams Netflix movies just as well as my more expensive computer that was triple the price of the Toshiba.NOTE:  Updating the Toshiba to Windows 10 takes time and effort.  You should able to buy an identical Toshiba laptop with Windows 10 pre-installed in November 2015, which will be a real time saver.  Some vendors will have the C55 with Windows 8.1 and other vendors will have the C55 with Windows 10, so you will have a choice.For folks who just want to type documents, send email, or watch Netflix, the Satellite is a great laptop computer.  Heavy duty gamers should look elsewhere, as the Satellite does not have the power needed for extremely demanding games.  I suspect it may be a bit underpowered for Photoshop, but I have not done any photo editing as yet.The large screen is bright, with good color and contrast, and documents look sharp and are easy to read.  The battery lasts six or seven hours with wifi OFF and the screen at a medium or low setting.  Under peak demand, such as streaming a Netflix movie over wifi with the screen on a moderately bright setting, the battery will last three or four hours.  The battery performance is impressive powering a 15.6 inch laptop screen.There is NO cooling fan, so the Satellite runs silently. The computer stays reasonably cool, with the bottom surface getting only moderately warm when you steam movies at a high screen brightness level.The speakers do not get loud enough for an average size room, and music sounds thin and lacks bass.  I adjusted the Windows sound settings to add bass and turned on sound compression to boost quiet passages in movies.  Even with those adjustments, the volume for Netflix is too low.  Good headphones or using powered  speakers or bluetooth speakers solves the problem.The keyboard has larger than average keys, with a nice numbers keypad.  But, the keys have flat tops that make it difficult to keep your fingers centered on the keys.  Still, a good keyboard for this price range.Before I upgraded to Windows 10, I spent several days with the Satellite plugged into the wall charger, connected to wifi, downloading and installing an ENDLESS series of Windows 8.1 updates.  Finally, Windows Update provided the message "No Updates Are Available".  At that point, I restarted the computer and the Windows 10 icon appeared on the taskbar.  After clicking on the icon I was able to reserve a copy of Windows 10.  The next day, it downloaded to my computer and the two hour installation was easy and smooth.I really like Window 7, but Windows 10 is better looking, smoother, and has many terrific features, making it the best ever version of Windows.  The Toshiba Satellite was an good basic computer with Windows 8.1.  It is a GREAT basic computer with Windows 10.