Excellent Laptop - With No Fan Noise
The laptop was very easy to setup and get going.  It includes three USB 3 ports and an SD Card Reader on the left side.  It comes with a 256 Gig Solid State Sandisk drive that arrived partitioned into a 95 gig C: partition and a 130 Gig D data partition. Since it is very thin it was not possible to place an Ethernet port on it so Asus includes a USB to Gigabit Ethernet adapter in the box -which I appreciated - since some companies out there will charge you for it.  8GB of RAM is included, which is more than enough for most tasks. The keyboard has a nice feel to it and is not lighted. The battery is contained within the chassis and requires servicing to change. The machine comes with Windows 8.1 Home installed on it. I tested the machine on a variety of applications and it worked very well.  I really did not see any sluggishness on web browsing, email, or Microsoft office products like Word, Excel, or Powerpoint.  Of course if you are a gamer or power user this machine probably will not have enough speed.  For Internet and Office applications  it is great.During testing I never experienced any problems with overheating.  The only time the unit got really warm was when I installed the 56 Windows updates required to bring Windows 8.1 up to date.  Every machine I have(Mac or PC) gets warm doing something like that.  And the fans always turn on making a lot of noise.  This wonderful unit remained silent.  An incredible feature as I see it.The quality of the 13 inch Matte screen is excellent with very good colors and nice wide viewing angle.  One thing that needs to be pointed out is that this is not touch screen capable.  I do not see that as any problem at all, especially with Windows 10 on the horizon.  I did not find any bad pixels or other anomalies.  Construction of the unit seems solid even with its very thin profile.I am getting about 6.5 hours of battery life with mixed use of Office and Internet. The laptop comes with a 12 month warranty.The only real cons I can find with this laptop are that its dark color allow fingerprints to show up quite readily and that its keyboard is unlighted.All in all this is a excellent laptop and Highly recommended.