Great Daily Driver
I've had this chromebook for a week, and I have to admit I'm impressed with it's performance. For $200 the Asus C300 is a solid product for anyone who needs good run time and does most of their work online.The Good -This light weight and impressively styled chromebook can easily get me through two days use without needing to pull the charger from my backpack. It plays nicely with the Pearson My Lab suite, and McGraw Hill's Connect products. Web pages are snappy to load, and scrolling through them on the track pad is a breeze. Viewing angles on the display are fairly good when you consider what kind of display it's working with.The Bad -The chicklet style keyboard feels a little cheap, and I can see the plastic framing the keys bend slightly as I type, but the travel and feed back from the keys themselves is good. Colors on the display are slightly washed, but remember what you're paying for. The device emits a subtle high pitched sound from the side with the HDMI port.All in all I'd say it's a great product, especially for students, the cons for this unit are all pretty minor for me. I did return the first unit I got because of the high pitch noise, only to hear it again with the replacement. I can only hear the sound if I put my ear to the ports on that side, or if it's deadly quiet where I am. The noise is the only reason I docked it a star, but it's not a deal breaker for me. I suppose what's most telling, is that I haven't missed my Windows 8, or Ubuntu PC's thus far. Over all, It's a fantastic unit for it's price point.Update: 08/27/2015 - 6 Month check-inSix months in I'm still pretty satisfied with this device. It does everything I need it to for school, and I haven't really had to use PC for anything since I made the purchase. Battery life is still fantastic. I use it for school four days a week, and while playing Pathfinder on weekends. I can easily get by charging it every other day.My only complaint at this point, for which I will likely have to contact Asus customer support, is with the keyboard. The diagonal key strip from "2" to "x" has intermittent functionality. Sometimes I'll have to press the key's repeatedly to get them to register for one off key presses, but if it's continuous typing the issues goes away. I've been living with it like this for about a month, so surprisingly enough it hasn't really impacted my usage, but I'm taking Calculus this semester. I've already had to use the copy and paste function to duplicate 2s in my answers for homework.Other than the above keyboard issue, I still quite enjoy my C300 ChromeBook. Between it and my Android powered smart phone, I haven't missed Windows at all.