Stunning Display - Toshiba Nailed It!
The only reason this is not a verified purchase review is because at the time of purchase, Amazon was out of stock. That sort of helped, because I also saved on the tax which amounted to roughly $30 saved. Now it looks like they further hiked their price from the $329 MSRP to $389 since yesterday these laptops were going for $329/Prime. Not sure why they're playing these kind of pricing games when ABT, BestBuy, etc.. still have them for $329. Anyway, on to the review...Unless you have $1250-1500 to dish out on a Google Chromebook Pixel, I highly doubt you can find a better Chromebook than this one. I've been using the 2012 Samsung Chromebook (ARM processor), and have bought several Samsung products over the years. This is my first ever Toshiba product.  The differences between my 2012 Samsung and this Toshiba laptop are simply amazing, literally night and day. The most glaringly obvious difference is the screen, which really must be seen to be truly appreciated. It rivals that of a MacBook Retina display. There are only a handful of Chromebooks on the market that are full 1080p HD, this is one of them.It's been widely discussed how Samsung dropped the ball on their flagship Chromebook 2 by failing to upgrade the inferior TN panel to an IPS screen. Everything you've read about this fact is true. I've seen the new Samsung Chromebook 2 live, and almost bought it when it came out. I'm so glad I did my research and waited. I cannot emphasize what a difference the IPS panel makes, that was the key selling point for me. The resolution on this laptop is incredible, I almost can't believe they're giving these laptops away with such a gorgeous screen for $329. There is actually a 2400x1350 resolution setting but the text and icons are nearly impossible to view. Even with the 1920x1080 they're very small, so I opted to keep mine on 1536x864 and upscale the zoom on web pages to 110% (using ctrl+). For my needs, this resolution is perfect. This screen has a razor sharp, clean, vibrant picture without washed out colors dull like on my Samsung 2012 model (which uses a 720p TN screen). The viewing angle is also much wider than my Samsung.It's maxed out with 4GB of RAM (I've yet to see a Chromebook with > 4GB RAM?), unlike my Samsung which only has 2GB. And although many say the Celeron CPU could be better, it's a big upgrade from the Samsung ARM processor which can barely handle 8-10 tabs before bogging down. I've run the Toshiba with over a dozen open tabs including Youtube and Netflix, and there's no lag, skipping, or playback issues. I plan to install Ubuntu on my Chromebook. From what I was reading, Chromebooks with Intel processors are more Liunx friendly. There aren't any cooling fans, so it's super quiet. It does get slightly warmer than my Samsung but the heat is barely even noticeable. The Skullcandy speakers are extremely impressive, they have some amazing output and base to them. I had them cranked only at 15% and it was pretty loud.The keyboard has your standard chiclet keys, which are nicely spaced out. The black keys against the metallic silver background give it that MacBook Air look. The keys have a nice feel to them and are really responsive. One of the perks of having a 13.3" screen is the extra real estate you also get to work with on the keyboard side. I wear M-L size gloves, typing at my normal 65-70 wpm is no problem. The trackpad is super responsive as well and has various adjustment settings you can play around with under the Chrome settings tab.Yes, the case is made of plastic, but at $330 you get a lot of bang for your buck. I'd rather get a laptop with a cheap case that has a brilliant screen, than a nice case with a crappy screen... trust me this ain't no pig with lipstick on it! That distinction goes to the Samsung Chromebook 2 for using the lowly TN panel on a 1080p laptop. Toshiba did a great job of using plastic, yet giving it a silver metallic aluminum appearance. It looks a lot more elegant when you see it in person...in my opinion more elegant than the cheesy faux leather case that Samsung is touting on their new Chromebook 2.I used a lot of Samsung Chromebook comparisons in this review for two reasons. I own a Samsung 2012 Chromebook and my next upgrade was going to be the Samsung 2 1080p model. I'm not a Samsung hater by any means, I just think they made a colossal blunder by being cheap with their TN screen when they could have spent a little more on a far superior IPS screen. If their main selling point was 1080p resolution, they should have built it with the proper screen that 1080p could be appreciated on, namely an IPS panel. This is where Toshiba stepped up to the plate, got it right and delivered big time. Hats off to them for foreseeing what consumers really wanted in a Chromebook at a very, very reasonable price.Bottom line is this. If you're shopping around for a cheap new laptop with stylish high-end looks, excellent performance, and an amazing high res display that you can use for browsing, email, videos, movies, music, etc.. you need not look any further. THIS IS THE ONE.Update 4/1/15 : Photos of Samsung 2012 720p model next to the Toshiba 1080p added.