Toshiba Chromebook 2 vs. Acer Chromebook 13
Just picked up my Toshiba Chromebook 2 (CB2). And as one of the few to have used this and the Acer Chromebook 13 (CB13), here are some of the distinct differences to help make your decision between the two.BUILD:Build quality goes to the CB13. They're both have plastic casing, but the Toshiba uses cheaper material that really makes it feel like a really really cheap laptop. CB13 feels nice to hold and use.The keyboard on the CB2 is a lot..."tighter" and stiffer which I like. The CB13 is a bit softer with more spring. But really, typing on the two is negligible as I see this as personal preference.The trackpad on the CB2 is much bigger, but I felt the trackpad on the CB13 is more responsive. The click of the trackpad on the CB2 feels a bit sloppy and is much looser than the CB13. Having said this, the trackpad on the Acer just felt too small and I was never really comfortable with it.Though they are both 13" Chromebooks, the CB2 has an overall smaller footprint. You can tell right away that the CB2 is a smaller machine. I REALLY like this over the Acer as it fits my Amazon 13" sleeve a lot better and I feel has a better "portable" feel to it.PERFORMANCE:A lot of people are clambering for benchmark scores. Personally, the current set of benchmark standards that people use goes against what CBs were meant for. Chromebooks are meant for power efficiency and light productivity, not heavy video rendering or graphics processing. So, with that said, all I will say about performance is that this Toshiba Chromebook 2 is just about on par with the Acer Chromebook 13. They both load webpages with about the same speed. They don't stutter when multi-tasking (ie listening to music while working on documents). And that's really all you need to know about performance if you're looking for a Chromebook and/or anything in this price range.BATTERY:The Acer Chromebook 13 is the clear favorite in this category. It's just flat out amazing how long that thing will last. But the Toshiba isn't any slouch either. There's plenty of battery power for most of your daily usage. If you have a CB2 for a full day of class, for example, you don't need to worry about your machine dying before you get home. It's just that the Acer is on another level when it comes to battery life.DISPLAY:This is the reason why you will want the Toshiba Chromebook 2 over the Acer. From the moment I turned the CB2 on, I knew this is the one I am going to keep. Some people don't mind the non-IPS display on the Acer CB13, but I'm not one of those people. The display is really that much better than the Acer. If you have your doubts, hopefully your local BestBuy will have one on display so that you can see for yourself. Until then, trust me and everyone else who says the screen is better.Overall, the only ding on the Toshiba Chromebook 2 is the build quality. It's not bad, but could be better. I wouldn't have minded paying a little more for something more solid. The screen is great for a machine in this price range. And performance is wonderful for what I need it to do (mostly web browsing and media consumption). If you're in the market for a Chromebook and/or on the fence between this and the Acer Chromebook 13, I would go with the Toshiba. In fact, that's exactly what I did.