Buy, buy, buy!
I've had this television for about a week now, and all in all, it's definitely a worthwhile purchase. But with all its pros come some cons. So let's break this package down, and take a look at why you should buy this TV if you're in the market for a thirty-two-inch, and why you should be prepared to not completely love it.First, the pros--1. This television's wireless. No Roku, no Chromecast, no Fire TV needed. You just open up the settings, find your network, plug in your password, and...voila. You're ready to be disappointed by the latest season of Orange is the New Black.2. This television has a native refresh rate of one-hundred-twenty hertz, with a simulated refresh of--I think--two-forty.That's not something you see in a lot of thirty-two inch budget sets. Most sit at around sixty hertz, which is fine if you'd like to pretend you're living in 1847, but this modern America, dagnabit. I want my one-hundred-twenty hertz of smooth motion goodness, and I'm not settling for anything less. And speaking of picture quality...3. It's 1080p. Says it right in the title, but I thought I'd remind you in case you'd forgotten already.4. It's cheap! And I don't mean cheap in terms of build-quality. That's actually pretty good, which I'll elaborate on in my next point. No, when I say cheap, I mean most sets with these specs at this size would be going for AT LEAST a hundred dollars more. And even most of the ones sitting at THAT price range will be trading off for either 720p or sixty hertz to keep the price down. What Vizio's offering here is an amazing deal, and Amazon's sweetened the pot with an extra ten dollars off for Prime members. Even Costco isn't selling them that cheap. Then again, you can't pick up a hot dog and a drink for a dollar-fifty while you're on Amazon. Or at least, you shouldn't.5. The build quality--it's actually pretty good.6. The smart menu's easy to access, unobtrusive, and looks about as good as a smart menu can look.Okay, now, on to the cons--1. The smart menu feels a little cluttered. It's got a lot of apps most people won't need, and despite an admittedly short time playing with it, I have yet to figure out how to remove the ones I don't use.2. For having such great specs, the picture quality on this TV doesn't blow me away the same way my fifty does or my old forty. I'm not sure why that is--maybe it's a setting I've missed--but that realism just isn't there to the same degree.3. It's thick. Not huge, mind you, but thicker than some of its counterparts. Did this bother me? No. But for some, I know, thickness is a big factor, either for practical reasons or bragging rights. Because, you know...that's a thing, I guess.4. There's no digital audio out. There's optical, sure, because that's the future. And there's RCA, because...that's the past? But my RS-160s are located in the present, and they operate on digital. Now, this obviously isn't a HUGE deal, since you can spend thirteen dollars to convert your optical to digital, or spent four and change on some RCA adapters, but if you use headphones or a sound system reliant on a digital audio out port, be sure you order some kind of adapter to get it working with this set right out of the box. Because apparently, RCA's still a big deal, but your headphones are a thing of the past.In conclusion, this is an amazing deal for a great TV, and despite some very minor flaws, I'd recommend this to anyone looking to spruce up their dorm room, bedroom, office, or studio with a sleek budget television.