Let me count the ways I love thee
I don't understand why some reviewers don't like this computer. My other laptop broke, would not turn on, it was done. I am on a tight budget, so I began looking for a PC to do what I need to do (as a writer, my main uses are word processing, web browsing, videos and photos) and found these. When they first came out, they intrigued me. I decided to read up on them, after a bit of reading, I knew this was the computer I needed. I love it, and I honestly can't find one con. So, here's a list of everything I love about this computer.- The size, I was expecting it to be super tiny, but it's actually a pretty good size, no complaints here.- The graphics are just as good as my last computer I spent $500 on, really, if you have an issue with the resolution, you're too picky, this is perfect. If you want an ultra HD display, then you're gonna have to spend the money for that, this screen is clear and perfect for the price tag.- The track pad has no issues for me, it moves where I want, how I want and you just click down bottom on the pad as your buttons, works perfect, no issues at all.- I LOVE THE COLOR. I've always wanted a computer with a crazy color, and now I have one, a beautiful bright pink.- It feels really well made and fancy, it's strangely satisfying to feel this computer, it has a nice finish, that's for sure.- It's super quiet, because of no fan, I love that.- It DOES NOT get hot, seriously, it gets slightly luke warm, but that's it.- The keys feel fine and work fine, I like how they're white to set with the pink, looks nice. It's also a full keyboard, just minus the extra number pad you'd have on larger computers to the right.- It's super thin, and very light weight, I honestly feel like I could easily carry this around with me anywhere with no issues at all.- Amazing battery life, hours upon hours.- YOU GET FREEBIES! What computer for under $200 gives you a free $25 Microsoft gift card AND  free year subscription of Office 365 AND 1TB of cloud storage for a year? Apparently, the HP Stream does.I have found that everything some people complained about in the comments have been wrong for me, maybe people are too picky, but for me, this does exactly what I need it to do, with no issues, at fast speeds for an amazing price with free stuff too. I'm SO GLAD I chose this and not something else. I could not be more happier. Sure, you don't have much memory, and after installing everything I need to use, I only have 2gb left, but guess what? The computer is still pretty damn fast, just as fast as when I first turned it on, now that's amazing if you ask me. I just added an SD card tonight just to give me peace of mind, but even with little memory left, it performed like a beast. Audio is pretty good too for under 200 bucks, I'm not an audiophile, so I don't care how crisp my episode of Little House On The Prairie sounds, as long as I can hear it, and let me tell you, this computer can get pretty loud, so it's good in that aspect too.Really, if you need a computer for pretty much anything but heavy editing programs or games, then this is the best choice. It's better than some computers I've paid $500 and over for. I am very pleased with my purchase. My shipment came the next day, less than 24 hours after ordering it, and everything was exactly as is. I've already used 15 of my 25 dollar gift card on "Hearts Of Fire" (a 1980s Bob Dylan movie) and a Little House On The Prairie Christmas special haha. I've activated my Office subscription, and am one happy camper. Definitely get this computer, ignore the nay sayers, this machine is amazing, nice feeling, cute, the color is amazing and it works way better than even some more expensive computers. I'm amazed at how much I adore this computer, this was meant to be just until income tax comes, but even after I upgrade at income tax time, I can still see myself using this computer daily haha.Don't delay, ignore the picky people who expect million dollar features for under 200 bucks and get one, you won't regret it, it's a kickass machine.