Great ultraportable laptop
The ASUS Zenbook UX305FA is a great ultraportable notebook that delivers well-balanced performance in an incredibly thin-and-light package.  The notebook has a dual-core/four-thread Intel Core M processor which gives it great battery life and can ramp up the power if necessary.  It has a 256 GB SSD and 8 GB of RAM which is more than enough for casual or light office work.  The screen is a 1080p IPS display and is sharp and bright with great viewing angles.  The screen's small physical size of 13.3 inches causes Windows 8.1 to scale its fonts larger by default and that does affect the display of certain poorly-written applications, making them appear blurry, but this feature can be turned-off.  This notebook is so thin that there is no built-in Ethernet port for those who choose to plug-in to their networks, but ASUS does include an Ethernet-to-USB dongle in the box, so it will take up one of the Zenbook's 3 USB 3.0 ports, but most people will probably be using it on 802.11n WiFi anyway so it's not a big deal.One drawback to the design is that opening up the screen beyond 90 degrees will cause the screen to prop the back of the laptop off the surface it's resting on.  The rubber feet on the underside of the laptop are too thin to raise it high enough to prevent this.  ASUS has recognized this and placed tiny rubber feet on the edges of the screen so the casing itself doesn't really contact the surface.  One sad omission is the lack of a backlit keyboard, but I guess that would add to the thickness and cost.Another dig against it is the out-of-the-box experience.  Once you complete the initial operating system setup, be prepared for a couple of hours of patching as ASUS chose not to slipstream any recent Microsoft Security updates with their software image.  As of April 2015, you would have to install 130+ updates alone before the operating system is at a current patch level.  The Zenbook's hard drive is also partitioned equally into a C and D drive.  You can easily delete the D drive and extend the C partition in the Computer Management console.TLDR: Great ultraportable laptop with a few flaws.  Good office performance and battery life.