Superb Lean Machine
Just received this today.... and it's a keeper. I was tossed between this and the Dell XPS13 (another superb choice) but the Dell would set me back a nearly double the price loaded the way I wanted it so I gave this one the go. I don't think I'll regret it. I won't go into specs details because the previous reviews already touched on them and you can see all the product specs that are readily available.The Good:Superb build quality: solid as a brick yet light as a feather :-)Quiet smooth operation in almost everything I've thrown at it, except for Photoshop which I'll test soon.Loaded with just the right mix of ports and connections while keeping the unit just under half an inch thickBeautiful non glare monitor / screen which just the right amount of color saturation right out of the boxGreat full size keyboard that I'm very comfortable typing on with just enough feedback in touchGood size touch pad thought I'm more comfortable with the bluetooth mouse I installed but I can seeif I were to use the touch pad as my input device of choice I'd have to tweak it a bit.One of the USB ports is actually a charging USB port you can use to charge your cellphone or otherUSB connected devices and it works with the PC on or off!Beautiful almost black aluminum case gives the PC a professional appearance but I plan on not onlycarrying it in a laptop case but getting a neoprene sleeve for it to protect it from scratches. I only saythis because the casing has a brushed aluminum circles pattern and if you scratch it, it's going to bepretty obvious and ruin the aesthetics.I've read some off site reviews that said the speakers were not loud enough but simply changing the"Enhancement" settings in the speaker setting area to "Phantom Speakers" gave the sound a boost in loudnessthough I wouldn't call it quality sound. The reviewers they may have been let downby the fact that the company lists the sound as having Audio by ICEPower and Bang & Olufsen Technology.Sounds like a big deal doesn't it? :-)  I'm not a big fan of speaker ports located on the bottom of a laptopbut with less than a half of an inch to call a computer they must have had to make choices on what goes where.Personally I use bluetooth headphones for my listening pleasure.The bad:not much but the lack of a lighted keyboard may be an issue for those who find that an important featureand the delete key on the keyboard is rather small and in an out of the way location (for me anyway)EDIT: Feb 25th 2015Just wanted to update this with a few observations1. This computer starts up and shuts down faster than ANY computer I've ever owned. I would say faster than a Kindle Fire2. There's absolutely nothing wrong with the trackpad on this computer, it works quite well but I use a USB mouse instead3. Did not realize you can not remove the battery. But recharging the battery is speedy and holds a charge well4. There's some "bloatware" on the computer but it's easily removed by right clicking the icon for the program and clicking uninstall5. Case Logic makes a 13 inch neoprene zippered sleeve that this fits in.... perfectly. Amazon has the best price on it.Went to best buy to try to find a 13 inch zipper sleeve and best they could do was a 69.00 waste of time, I paid about 20 bucks for mine!6. I also bought a customized 13" sleeve that I personalized on http://ideisgncafe.com which I paid more for but was worth the customization and shows off my Zenbook in style7. No lighted keyboard? Who cares! I just use the USB light I purchased here on Amazon to light it perfectly in a darkened room.