This is one fantastic personal computer
This is one fantastic personal computer! A little about me first - I am a long-time user of both Microsoft Windows and Mac OSX. I own desktop and laptop computers for both of those. I own a 24-inch iMac, a Macbook Pro retina and a Macbook Air.I was looking for something cheap to travel with that had a long battery life, a good keyboard and a reasonable screen - primarily for taking notes, watching movies and listening to music.I was VERY skeptical about Chromebooks. Like many people, I thought that they had to be tethered to the Internet in order to get anything done. BOY WAS I WRONG :-)This is a FANTASTIC laptop. Make no mistake - this compares very favorably with my Macbook Air. The keyboard is very good - nice amount of key travel and a nice "clickiness" as other reviewers have mentioned. Key spacing is good and I can get a good typing speed. The trackpad is as good or better than the trackpad on the Macbook Air. Read that again :-)  I really mean that - the glide is good, it is a huge size and tap-to-click works great. The general build quality is AMAZING for the price - in fact at any price. No flex, very light and it feels like it will last a long time. Nice sturdy hinges - the screen doesn't wiggle around like I have seen on some of the cheaper laptops.Battery life is about 8-9 hours for me with full brightness and doing word processing, watching YouTube videos, etc.The other nice thing is that this laptop charges from empty to full in just over one hour - that's pretty amazing.Here are the apps I use:- Google Docs - do all my writing in this. Works seamlessly offline and online - just keep typing and it syncs back up when it gets online again. Never need to save anything - it does it in real time as it goes along. Safe and secure in the cloud.- All my browser bookmarks synced to every computer in the house when I login to Chrome - nice!- Google Sheets - maintain all my household finances in this - works as good as or better than Excel. Never need to save. Works offline just as good as online.- Spotify - listen to music- Kindle Cloud Reader - all my Kindle books are available online AND OFFLINE in this. Very nice presentation - better presentation than on a Kindle.- Writebox - this is a little note-taking application. Stores the data locally, even when you shut it down. Stores as many notefiles as you need locally. Syncs with Google Drive if you need to. Very nice application - lightweight ad FAAAAAAAST- Google Drive - all my files from all my computers stored both up in the cloud and on the computers. On this Chromebook, I can select which files should be made available offline and I can work on them even when offline. Very nice.  Got ONE TERABYTE of free Google Drive storage for two years when I purchased this Acer Chromebook. That means I really got the Chromebook for FREE! :-)- Google Maps, Google Calendar, etc, etc - I make good use of a lot of the Google ecosystem.- Google + Photos - all my photos available here. You do have to be online to use this. 10,000 photos at my fingertips. Nice.- Google Slides - you can use this online and offline too - as good as or better than PowerPoint for the reasonably simple presentations that I need to work with. Nice.So...I highly recommend checking out this Chromebook if you need something inexpensive to write on, watch movies and YouTube, work on simple spreadsheets and presentations, do research and entertain yourself on the web, listen to music, etc. I am more than happy - I am ECSTATIC with this laptop - in fact I bought a second one, so I can work uninterrupted for up to 16 hours offline when traveling without needing to find a power outlet! - hahahaaa.This is, without a doubt, the best money I have ever spent on a piece of technology.