I like it....Light weight, good built quality, and good value.
Pro:- Good size and light weight.  Lighter and thinner than 2014 MacBook Air 13".- Good battery life.  Use it on and off for web, email and some PDF editing and it last for over 10 hrs.- Very fast boot up.  After install all the apps (MS office, Norton 360, pdf editor), it boot up in about 10 second.- Completely silent.  No Fan, no more hard drive accessing sound (It comes with 256GB SSD) and it only feels warm.- Intel Core M (5Y10) speed is good for web surfing, light photo editing, 1080p movie and business applications (Outlook, Excel, Word, PDF OCR and editing).  Not fast enough to do video converting and editing or high end gaming.- Price.  It comes with 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD (SanDisk).  A comparable Lenovo Yoga Pro 3 (has better screen and touch screen) with same RAM, SSD size, similar weight and physical size, it cost $1199 the last time I check.  That's is $500 more!!- Look and feel durable.  The case is aluminum and look very good., the keyboard feels good almost like typing on full size keyboard.- Built in TPM ver 2.0 (Trusted Platform Module).  I am planning to upgrade to Win 8.1 Pro version to encrypt the entire drive with Bitlocker.  (Bitlocker doesn't always requires TPM but it is more secure with it).- It comes with a external USB 3.0 to Ethernet (Only 100mb not gigabit) adapter incase you need to connect to a physical network.  Most of the laptop this size and weight usually doesn't has Ethernet port.  It is nice that ASUS includes this adapter.- 3 USB3.0 ports.  Most Ultrabook has only 1 to 2 USB 3.0 ports.Con:- Speaker sound.  Very low even you turn it to the max.  Run the ICEpower-"AudioWizard" and change to "Music Mode" or "Gaming Mode" will help.  You can run "Smart Audio" to further adjust sound with Equalizer.- No backlight keyboard.  It is handy at night but not a deal breaker.- Memory RAM are fixed (soldered onto motherboard) and can't be changed or upgraded.  Let's hope the RAM doesn't die early or this laptop will be useless unless you change the motherboard.  It will not make any economic sense to fix it if RAM gone bad.- Although I have no problem wirelessly connecting to my Home ASUS (RT-AC68U) AC router, Office's N router, Starbucks and my local public library's Wi-Fi network, I wish ASUS put in the AC Wi-Fi instead.  The ASUS ZenBook equips with Intel Dual Band Wireless N 7265 network module.  I don't think the BIOS is whilelisted and I am planning to change to a AC module after warranty is up.- The SD Card reader.  When you put your SD Card into the slot, more than 1/2 of the SD card sticks out. It may be easy to lose or damage the SD card during travel if you keep the SD card in the reader slot.  I like my other laptops (bigger laptop) that will keep the SD card almost completely inside the slot with a spring type locking mechanism.- The Power button.  It sit right above the BackSpace botton.  It is just too easy to hit the power button when you mean to press the Backspace and the system will sleep or power down.  I reassign the button to "Do nothing" via "Power Option...Change Plan Settings...Change Advance Power Settings...Find "Power Button and Lid" and expand "Power button action" option.  The power button will still Power down the system if you hold and press it for more than 4 seconds.There are only a few bloatwares installed and they are easily uninstalled.Couple of ASUS applications that you may want to keep and check out areASUS "Audio Wizard" and "Smart Auto" to make the built-in speaker sound louder and sound better.  However, I don't know if this will impact the battery life.ASUS "Smart Gesture".  You can set to turn off the touchpad when a mouse is plug in.  Install "Remote Link" from Google Play to remotely control you Zenbook mouse pointer, keyboard, and other functions (Connected via local network or Bluetooth).  I couldn't find "Remote Link" in Apple App Store.If you need to boot to the BIOS screen, press F2 Key while booting will get you there.I use this laptop mostly when I am travel and it serve my purpose very good.  It replaced my aging Lenovo X120e netbook which is much slower, smaller screen size and heavier.  I like this laptop and I only pay $699.  I was trying to decide between Dell XPS 13 & Lenovo Yoga Pro 3.  When ASUS release this laptop, I wasted no time and ordered it.  This is much better value if you don't need the touch screen.