Excellent Performance
There are some mixed opinions on this laptop, and I understand why.  However, it still does everything I need in a slim package.BUILDThe design of this laptop is very similar to Apple laptops, which is to say bland.  It looks like many other laptops, with a dull grey finish.  With that said, the chassis is sturdy and I've been happy with how it has held up.  I have already accidentally stress tested it some and it survived with no issues.In terms of weight, this is pretty typical ultrabook range, meaning a lot heavier than a tablet, but not a big deal to carry around.  I was hoping for something a little lighter.  The strange hand position in the pictures is because I am trying to avoid it slipping out of my hands.  It is a slippery beast for sure.Charging is unfortunately done with a proprietary connector.SCREENAt 13", this is my favorite laptop size.  It isn't so bulky that I regret bringing it, but not so small that I am squinting.  Speaking of that, the laptop was set to scale all text larger.  Perhaps some people were complaining that it was hard to read.  However, that makes everything in menus and assorted other areas look blurrier.  Forcing a Windows update helped, and I also see that someone has posted a fix online.  The most complete fix is simply to turn scaling back to 100% in display settings.IPS screens are great in any device, but particularly important in mobile devices.  As we turn the screen, other display types tend to fade out or look strange.  Surprisingly, that does happen a bit on this IPS display, but not too bad at all.  Once the scaling issue is fixed, it is crisp and text is pleasant to read.  Colors are not bad, and motion blur is likewise not ideal.  In short, getting a 1080p IPS screen at this price is impressive, but requires some compromises.PERFORMANCEThe combination of a fast SSD and i5 processor make this laptop a dream to use, with no stutters at all in most normal tasks.  Applications open quickly, and the computer boots as fast as I could hope for.  Internet speed is also surprisingly good, and the fast disk and memory make downloads and streaming much like a nice desktop.INTERFACEThe chiclet style keyboard has a good amount of travel and is not cramped.  I wouldn't mind typing extensively on it if I needed to stray from my desktop keyboard for work.  The trackpad is a bit too "sticky," meaning there is too much traction as my finger slides.  Multi-touch gestures like scrolling work well and reliably.SUMMARYWhile the UX305LA makes some compromises compared to more expensive ultrabooks, it is still a fast and functional laptop that will probably make you very happy.