Love this Machine!
I was on the fence on buying a Chromebook, but I needed a decent cheap laptop for college that was good for typing and lightweight to carry around. I didn't want to take a $1000+ Apple to school, and I like Google products, so I bought the CB3-111 model and I love it. For $200, it's perfect for class because of it's compact 11 inch screen and the weight is very light. I read reviews that drawbacks to the Chromebook is that it completely operates on the Chrome OS (a customized Google version of Linux), which means it can only be used on wi-fi. This is not the case. Google has plenty of offline apps as well as a full stock of 3rd party apps in their Chrome Web store. Importantly, Google Docs (which is Google's document software similar to Windows Word or Apple's Pages) can be used offline, you have to sync it to the computer to become offline operable  (takes under a minute to do). You can also download music, word documents, pdfs, etc, and for torrent fans, JSTorrent is a great app to download torrent files, but don't do anything illegal!The cloud based system is also good. While you can still download files, it's good to run everything through the cloud. You can access it anywhere, like Library computers, or your computer at home. The 100gb Google Drive space is also a nice bonus, since I was able to put tons of files in it. I downloaded a few files, but overall, I'm now using all cloud based apps.Acer to Chromebook users, including myself, seems to be the leading Chromebook makers. I can see why, it's powerful in a budget. First, if you're going to buy any Chromebook, make sure to get a Intel chip. Chromebooks, like many Samsung or HP CB, have ARM-based chips (Samsung brand) - ARM chips will SIGNIFICANTLY limit your Chromebook. This CB3 model has a Intel Celeron Chip, Bay Trail model. While Bay Trail, in my opinion, is better suited for Chromebooks, if you're looking for speed, this chip is slightly slower than the Celeron 2995U chip, but honestly, I don't notice the difference. Chromebooks aren't built to be heavy machines to be using Photoshop or video games. It's fast and I never had it lag on me.I've had this Chromebook for a month and I have no regrets purchasing this. Just be aware, the only drawback to ANY Chromebook is if you're going to print anything, make sure to have a Google Ready Printer, because it does NOT support USB printers (since it doesn't run printer drives). Google states they are working on it, but I don't see it being a major installment in the near future, so make sure you have a supporting printer.For College students, this is a great device and Chromebooks are awesome and convenient. For the price, it's definitely worth the investment.