Excellent laptop with some caveats
First, I want to give a tip to other owners that I think could be a big help:-Out of the box, the speakers seem way underpowered.  I like to set my laptop on the coffee table and listen to podcasts.  At even at the highest volume setting, this laptop was not playing loud enough.  What worked for me was this.  First, hit Windows Key + S, then type in AudioWizard, and select it.  In the settings, select "Off."  (Default was "Music Mode" for me).  This will actually make the volume lower.  But then, hit Windows Key + S, SmartAudio.  In the "SmartEq/3d Settings" move all the levers to the top.  With this combination, I was able to get a reasonable volume level with little to no distortion.Here's my review:Positives-The biggest plus for me was this: no fan.  There is something so nice to a completely silent laptop. (Despite the no fan, the bottom doesn't get too hot for top of the lap comfort. I think my Dell XPS 13 with an i7 4500u that did have a fan, got much warmer on the bottom than this does.)-Amazingly thin (<0.5 inch)-Super light at 2.6 lbs-Even with a Core M, I find the laptop speedy. Going from a Dell XPS 13 with a Core i7-4500u processor to this laptop technically involves a 25% drop in processor speed, but I haven't noticed a big difference in every day use (web browsing, YouTube, mkv viewing, Word, Excel)-Comfortable, responsive, pleasant to use keyboard.-Good 1080p matte screen (would be nice if Asus makes the bezels smaller in a future version, but this is purely an aesthetic issue.)Negatives-Very weak out of the box speakers (but tweakable per my instructions at the top)-Touchpad is fine most of the time, but sometimes doesn't register soft touch taps or double clicks.  I have a feeling this is a driver issue, but I am experiencing this as of the latest SmartGesture driver at the time of writing: 3.0.8.  To clarify though, I'd say 90%+ of touchpad gestures are registered, it's just that last 10% that I find the glitch with.-The top cover attracts finger prints extremely easily.  I used to have a Dell XPS 13 which also had a metal cover, but Dell put some sort of coating or texture to the metal that obscured most fingerprints.  Not sure why Asus didn't do the same, as they even bothered to include a cleaning cloth with the laptop as they were clearly cognizant of this problem.  Even with a cloth the fingers prints don't come out.  You actually need to wet the top of the screen a bit and then wipe to get them out.  Annoying, but this may or may not be a big issue for you.