Great Camera!
This is a really great webcam that I use often for a variety of reasons.  The picture quality is very good and the easy-to-upload software makes creating a youtube video as easy as can be.  I did a little video chatting just to test that function out and it worked great, although I'm not a major video chat kinda guy so I really shouldn't comment too much on that.  Nonetheless, I've found a number of other uses that has really made this a favorite gadget of mine.Here's some of the things I love:15MP Pictures - I LOVE taking pictures with this camera.  In full 15mp you can get some truly stunning, glossy images.  I've never seen pictures look this crisp and clear, it's really amazing.Motion-detection "Security" - There's this great spy-like function where the camera will silently and anonymously turn on and start recording if it sees any kind of movement.  Admittedly I haven't caught any intruders or ghosts or even snoopy roommates with it yet, but one day I will and it will be a wonderful Gotcha! moment.Upload to Youtube easily.- for youtubers, this camera is a perfect way to get those lip syncing videos online in a matter of seconds.  I will say, however, that if you want to post a video that isn't an up-close rant, philosophy statement or whatever, this probably isn't the best video.  The usb cord is fairly short, so you're not going to be able to use the camera like a movie director would.  But this is a "webcam" so that really shouldn't be a surprise.Webcam "avatars"- There's a number of great "avatars" to give yourself.  By calibrating your eyes, mouth, and head, you can turn yourself into an alien, cat, shark (among others) and the avatar will move its mouth and facial features along with the real you.  From my experience the calibration isn't a perfect science and it doesn't look A-m-a-z-i-n-g, but it's a fun feature.Add in easy controls and typical webcam perks, this is definitely worth getting if you're interested in a webcam that does so much more.  My only real complaint is that I've had some difficulties getting the audio settings right.  It seems very inconsistent, as if it is turning itself off during each silence and takes a moment to turn back on when it hears sound again.  If anybody knows what setting function I need to look into to fix this, please leave a comment.