Bay Trail vs. Haswell vs. Nvidia Chromebook Experiences
I have bought four Chromebooks in the past year. The first, an 11.6" Haswell powered Acer C720, was quick and a nice introduction but just too small for me. The second, a Toshiba CB35 with the same Haswell processor and a 13.3" screen was size-wise just right. Solid performance all around, an appealing chassis with that fingerprintproof textured finish, and wonderful battery life. The only negatives for me were a somewhat imprecise and rattly touch pad and processor fan noise, which for a device you work so physically close to (like on your chest while watching TV) can be an issue.The third was this Asus C300M. I love the fanless design and awesome battery life, even love the flat deck with no indent for the keyboard. However, versus the Haswell processor, the Bay Trail, as all have reported, underperforms noticeably. This shows itself in a number of small ways, but in not such a small way when scrolling through photo-rich sites and long forum pages. The screen image is generally lagging behind your actions, sometimes a lot, as if you were towing it behind you with a bungee cord. The performance deficit was enough that I found myself grabbing the Haswell Toshiba when I had to do presentations, particularly those depending heavily on web-based images and streaming video.The fourth, which I have only had for a day, is the Acer CB5 full HD Chromebook with the Nvidia processor. If I wanted full HD, why didn't I get the new Toshiba with the superior IPS display? Oh, I wanted to, but my experience with the Bay Trail gave me pause. At full HD, the graphics performance had to be worse than the Asus, and I simply did not want to get into performance worse than I already chosen to leave behind. As it turns out, and as one might expect, the Nvidia takes care of the full HD video performance just fine, much like the Haswell does with the lower resolution screens. It is also fanless and gets incredible battery life. As to its performance outside of that, I can't say just yet.I don't need all these Chromebooks, so which will I keep? The 11.6" Haswell Acer goes for the reasons above. And I really hate to say it, but this Bay Trail Asus goes too. So long, Bay Trail. When you get a performance boost (which will probably be pretty soon, knowing Intel) I will see you again.