Would have been better at $200 and not $275
Using my new computer to type this review. I am a Mac person at home and a PC person at work. This is my first ever Windows laptop. The major things I notice between this $275 computer (which was $200 3 weeks ago *sigh*) and others are:1) Keyboard has a cheap feel - just feels like typing on a toy keyboard.2) This item came with an Optical Drive which I did not want or need. I wrote Amazon and they basically said that because it was fulfilled by a 3rd party for Amazon they had no control over the inventory. Personally I think they are just getting rid of inventory and no one cares about updating the description or making a description for a model with and a model without an optical drive3) Comes preloaded with Asus bloatware that takes a while to find and remove. Because it has the manufacturer's name you may think it is necessary software - no, I did not need wedding planning software, thanks. Also includes trial MS Office 365 which I uninstalled. Save some pain, uninstall all the unnecessary software before configuring your system and then make a backup of that image in case you need to do a full restore.4) Runs 8.1. I'm not very familiar with 8, so can't say anything useful. Desktop looks like Windows 7, but has that annoying Start screen with tiles, spent hours deleting them and adding ones I would really use. Learning lots of Windows shortcuts so I can get to the Control Panel, Command Prompt screen, etc.5) There is a sticker with a number on the bottom of the computer, it's very small and doesn't stick, that's your serial number! If yours falls off like mine did, use this command in the command prompt window: "wmic bios get serialnumber"6) As another reviewer mentioned, you need your Windows Product Key/Activation Key sometimes, since there's no CD or documentation at all in the box, make sure you get it from your System Info window as soon as you can.7) Power key is right above the Esc key (I'm used to it being on the right-hand side), so I keep almost turning off the computer8) Revised 9/29 - Someone mentioned that the Num Lock seems to reset itself (there's no indicator light) and that oddly happens to me all the time, not just when the computer is sleeping.9) Added 9/29 - Not a defect, but the keyboard is not backlit, I didn't realize what a pain this would be for me. But it's a $200-$275 computer, you don't get all the bonuses.Not an issue, just a note, but I had backed up my other laptop using a Firewire drive, since this laptop doesn't have a Firewire port the word "screwed" comes to mind.I managed to freeze the computer while installing and uninstalling too much software at once (uninstalling bloat using ShouldIRemoveIt, installing iTunes, downloading Firefox, and a few other things), since then it has run fine. It is very fast, the screen is great and it is quiet.For the price, the computer is good, for the lower price a few weeks ago this computer would have been great. I'll just be using it for online classes, viewing class videos, accessing Blackboard, Skype meetings, etc.Don't know how to explain it, but this computer just feels "disposable" to me. I am not planning to invest my life in it I suppose - I'm not keeping photos, a lifetime of documents, lots of software, etc. on it - and because of the price, I won't flip out if it gets scratched up, and I won't feel bad giving it away when I graduate and can afford a better one. I didn't even bother to buy a purchase protection plan, that would have been 25% of the replacement cost.It's a good budget laptop for students, a good intro laptop for kids or seniors, and good one to travel with if you don't want to take your "good" one with you.Added 9/29 - After using it for a few days straight, the battery seems to last the stated 4 hours or maybe a bit more on regular power settings - simultaneously using Wi-Fi, IE, Firefox, streaming a video and using MS Word. Like I said the computer feels cheap, but it is really light and doesn't heat up at all. I'm surprised at how good it looks, it has a textured outer surface and for a minute you'd think the interior was brushed metal and not plastic, but then you pick it up or type on it. I'm more impressed with it as time goes by.