A geek's new best friend
So this thing is seriously the best computer I have ever owned.  I've owned a couple old XP Desktops, a windows 7 Toshiba laptop and a Windows 8 Convertible laptop and none of them can top this Chromebook.The build:- The texture on the exterior casing is really really nice, it keeps it from feeling like it's going to slip out of your hand, and makes the plastic more tolerable.-The keyboard doesn't have a whole lot of travel, but it is comparable to a lot of MacBook Air keyboards I've fiddled with.  It's not quite there, but it's definitely not bad at all.- The trackpad is fantastic!  It never misses a two or three finger click, it is equally easy to push down no matter where you press.- The hinge is really steady and hardly wobbles at all, which is definitely a good thing.- The display... Oh my word, this display is gorgeous.  It doesn't beat out the retina MacBooks, but it is as good as any 1080 panel I've seen.  The viewing angles are great, it has deep blacks and vibrant colors, A+- Speakers: The speakers are amazingly loud for such a compact machine, and for the price they offer very good quality, only distorting at very high volume.  They could afford to have a little more bass, but generally A+The Software:Chrome OS is fantastic.  It is my favorite operating environment.  Mac, Windows, and even Linux OSes don't come close to the pure simplicity that is Chrome OS.  The dock is great, clean effective, out of the way.  The application menu does just that, applications, no attempts at unnecessary eye candy or access to spots within other apps.  The menus are very easy to navigate, the settings area on the dock is well designed and intuitive.  It doesn't have anything extra and that translates to everything just working. I never have to think, "Man I hope my document saved" or "Dang it did I get a virus." Google has taken out all things that aren't necessary, and it is awesome.  The fact that this is so lightweight also translates to amazing battery life.  At half brightness with music playing I can get a solid 9 hours, and if I don't have audio and I turn the brightness all the way down I'm able to get nearly 13 hours of continuous use.  A few great features of chrome OS are the two finger horizontal swipe to go forward and backwards in a tabs history, the 3 finger swipe down for the "expose" feature, and the various hotkey combinations.All in all, this is my favorite device I have ever owned, 10/10 would recommend.