Overall, a fantastic little machine. Easily worth the price.
Great over all. Fantastic build quality. It's extremely lightweight but in no way feels cheap. It has a very attractive no-nonsense design that could appeal to anyone.The Keyboard feels fantastic. The machine is wide enough that I never experianced hand cramps like you might on older "netbooks". There is no capslock key. Where you would expect to find a capslock key, there is a Search key. This seems strange at first, but isn't really a deal breaker. Another oddity is the power button, which is placed above the backspace key. Simply tapping that key won't do anything. You'll have to hold it for several seconds before it becomes active, and then it will just take you to the login screen (all your running applications won't close). I haven't once pushed the power key by accident where it caused me any sort of annoyance.The mouse pad functions fine. There is only one "button" on the pad, but the right button can be "clicked" by holding the alt key on the keyboard (which is right next to the mouse pad).The screen is only 720p, but for this price and at this size what did you expect? You can adjust the brightness with both hardware keys and in software. It looks fine.The only thing I didn't like was the placement of the speakers (on the bottom front). The placement allows for them to be muffled by cloth surfaces or on your belly. You can adjust the volume with Hw keys or via the software. The speakers sound reasonably acceptable, and perhaps better than you would expect. There is a headphones/microphone port availible if you'd rather use that.There is a built in microphone and webcam. I haven't used the webcam, but no one has complained about the mic, so I assume it's fine.The processor and gpu are fine for general browsing, Netflix and YouTube in hd, and playing a few simple games.There are two usb ports and a mini HDMI port. The power charger isnt micro usb. Not sure if that would have been possible, but that would have been cool.Battery life is insane! Charge it once and it'll last between 10 and 14 hours.Over all, this machine is well worth the price. The only honest complaint I can make is the speaker placement, and it's really not that big of a deal. I highly recommend this thing, and will replace it with the latest edition when it dies (assuming the price is still the same). I love my 2gb mode asus c201!