Works well with Ubuntu 14.04
I bought this as a replacement for a 2010 MacBook Air, and with the intention of running Linux on it.  For the price point, it has delivered fabulously.I'm using Ubuntu 14.04, and my experience has been roughly the same as Adam described in his review.  Most things work out of the box.  Notable exceptions are:1. The display brightness keys do not work and the display does not auto-dim.  This can be a battery sink if you're not careful.  Following Adam's tip I solved this by installing xbacklight and mapping the controls to alt+f6/f6.2. I cannot figure out how to properly connect to my employer's wifi due to a certificate problem.  I get stuck in an infinite loop where I'm continuously prompted to enter my password.  Googling online reveals that this problem is not unusual.  I have not had trouble with other wifi networks (coffeeshops/hotels/my home network all work fine).3. Sometimes text display gets garbled.  This happens to all text on the screen (e.g. text boxes in applications as well as terminal windows).  I have always been able to fix it either by resizing the window or rebooting the machine.The performance of the machine is exceptional for the price.  The screen looks great.  The SSD works beautifully.  With 8gb of ram it handles multitasking well.  One very minor complaint is that the processor does not run computationally intensive programs as smoothly as the five-year-old MacBook Air this is replacing.  Mathematica notebooks, for instance, are notably slower to run on this machine than my old Air.  But this is a minor inconvenience because for intensive Mathematica work its best to use a desktop anyway.Probably my biggest complaint has to do with the power cord.  Unlike Apple cords, the prongs that go into the wall socket do not collapse, and there are no spokes that can be propped out from the adapter to wrap the cable around.  This makes it bulky in a briefcase.  Additionally, the male end that plugs into the laptop itself is an old-timey power connection that inserts well into the body of the laptop.  Tripping on the cable might destroy the computer.  It's a big step down from modern magnetized Apple power cords.  But, on the other hand, this computer is $400ish dollars cheaper.