In the End the Value Trumps the Negatives
For starters, this review is being made with 1 weeks worth of ownership time.This laptop was purchased purely with value in mind. I have a desktop already, but I was in the market for something mobile with a Windows OS that would get me through classes. Overall I can honestly say, for a brand new laptop, its pretty good bang for you buck. This does not mean it is not without any flaws, but rather you must accept the shortcuts taken when in this low-end market. While not blazing fast, and in no way truly comparable to an i series chip...this little guy is still an Intel and can handle all your general processes just fine. Yes it can handle some light multitasking without any real hiccups. Yes it can handle Photoshop and light Illustrator just fine. NO you will not be rendering and editing resource intensive videos on this. Yes you can even do some light gaming (minecraft and anything else it meets the requirements for), but you really shouldn't be having extended sessions of it. Its simply not made for it (in terms of cooling and the longevity of the processor). All in all, it gets the job done as long as you understand what your getting, and if you can somehow add a SSD you should get a pretty nice little boost in performance.- ValueThis really is probably the best only thing worth truly noting about this laptop. I bought it for $240, and for that price It boasts so pretty decent specs that are going to handle you day-to-day tasks without a problem.CONS- Hard DriveIn its defense half a TB is a solid amount of storage, and its boot time out the box really isn't unbearable by any means. That said, the 5400 RPM rate was still just far too slow for me. It's probably because I'm so used to my desktop solid states. Regardless, I had to swap it out and put in a SSD.- Lack of portsDoes offer HDMI and a single USB3.0 port. Still only 2 USB ports total and only a 10/100 Lan connection.- No optical driveReally, this wasn't a big deal for me as I have an external drive if I absolutely need it. But, how often do the majority of us really use discs these days anyway.- Nothing is removableI mean absolutely nothing. If you want to replace something, which would likely be the HDD or battery, you have to completely unscrew the bottom and pry the top cover/keyboard off, which is actually fairly difficult. (see photo)- No keyboard lightsMore of a nuance, but other than actually seeing what is being typed, there is no visible indication light for Caps/Num Lock.Somehow all these cons are bearable when you keep the value in mind!