It's been working like charm ever since
Simply phenomenal! Thank you Google and Toshiba.My Chromebook experience started with a little bit of a hiccup as it froze on "Determining device configuration"... Quick Google search and closing and opening the lid fixed the issue. Second setup attempt was a breeze. Then using Netflix would freeze the laptop and there was no sound and nothing would stream or play back anymore (including YouTube). Again, closing the lid and reopening would bring everything back, but after some time playing the movie the same would happened.So, googled around again and netflix and videvine plugins needed to be set to 'Always allowed'. I also changed the software to the dev channel. It's been working like charm ever since.The screen is absolutely awesome. I'm running Chrome OS in full 1080 resolution with the webpages zoomed to 150%. The UI items do appear small, but I usually use the "immersive" (fullscreen) mode so it's not much of an issue.I used to be a Firefox user before and two things which I'm missing are the Speed Dial extension which allows me to open predefined websites with Ctrl-1, Ctrl-2 and so on. I just have a set of sites I follow daily for news and events. Chrome does have a Speed Dial extension but I cannot do the keyboard shortcuts to open the sites or at least I haven't figured out how to do it yet.The other extension is the Zoom Page which does work perfectly each and every time. It scales up the website to fill out the whole screen and works without a glitch. The Chrome one is called iZoom or so and appears to be "temperamental" :-) Chromium and Google devs listening? Make it work like on Firefox or better yet build it straight into the Chrome browser as a feature and the Ctrl-1, Ctrl-2 as well :-DSumming up, love the laptop Toshiba.To make it perfect the Chromebook 3 could be made of metal, with an IPS touchscreen, 64GB SSD and an Intel I-something processor. Charge $500-$600 if you need to and you have a buyer. You can keep the same design as Chromebook 2. It's quite elegant and very light, just very plasticky. Maybe just make the touch pad symmetrical. Those curves at the top with slightly rounded bottom corners look a little bit odd :-)Keep it running the Chrome OS, if I need more out of the "Chromebook 3" machine I will just put Ubuntu on it running in Crouton.Chrome OS? Phenomenal! Boots in 4 seconds, resumes and goes to sleep in less than 1.I'm sure the Chrome OS devs will optimize it for the 1080 resolution in the future, it just needs some time.Summing up, I'm in love :-DGet your credit cards out people!So far I have not had issues with the performance, but that's maybe because I do not have 20 tabs open at the time. Usually 2 or 3 are enough for me. I do not play any games on it so will let the others judge how it performs in that area.