Actually REALLY GOOD!
Alright, I am going to get right to it. You get what you pay for here AND some more!Pros:Price, great quality for the price.Colors, I like the odd colors and the "gradient" blue on the interior looks really cool accented with white keys.Webcam, has an OK integrated webcam. Just $15 I don't have to spend for a different crappy one.Microsoft Office, there's an entire year of Microsoft 365 included in this deal (at least when I bought it).Microsoft Gift Card, there's a $25 gift card to use on the Microsoft Store.Lightweight, this laptop weighs 2 something pounds and is easy to pick up and hold in one hand.Keyboard, the keys are great and feel a lot like a Mac keyboard they are also easy to type on. It took me probably less than 5 minutes to get accustomed to the size of the keyboard and where the keys are.Size, I like that it is the same size as a Notebook, but it's totally a laptop.Processor speed, okay, this processor isn't great in comparison to a lot of laptops. But given it's only a $200 laptop and a lot of those other laptops with amazing processors are over $1000. It loads web pages fast and plays videos. One review I watched said that youtube videos lagged a tiny bit in fullscreen, but I haven't noticed that at all.Fanless design (SSD), I love the solid state drive and that there's no fan. This laptop stays cool as a breeze. The charger on the other hand, does not.OS, Windows 8.1 is fairly easy to operate on this laptop. I had to adjust the settings on the shortcuts for the trackpad because it made it really difficult to navigate the start menu, but it's great now and easy to navigate.Battery, this battery lasts a heck of a long time. I was browsing the web and typing on word for a total of at least 5 hours before the battery reached "low" at 15%.It's like a better Chromebook, I got to say, HP outdid themselves with this laptop. It's a great quality for only $200 and it's only rivals price-wise are Chromebooks which have a joke for an OS. This laptop has Windows 8.1! Perfect for a student or a teen for web browsing. Great for a portable notebook for work too if the colors don't bother you. It's also just as fast as the Chromebook. It doesn't start up as fast, but browses awesome and it has Microsoft Office and is compatible with ALL the downloadable and online games like Minecraft, League of Legends and Runescape, unlike the Chromebook.Cons:Screen, the screen is not very bright and there's not a ton of contrast in it.Processor, okay, this is a pro and a con for me. It's AMAZING for the price you're paying and GREAT for web browsing and videos, but not for gaming. I really like the Sims, and I don't know if I'll be able to play it on this laptop. But I didn't really expect to be able to at the price. Still makes it a con for me though.Trackpad, the trackpad is really unresponsive to clicks. Every review told me this was a con and so I expected it, there's got to be some downfall to such a cheap computer! It's not so horrible that it makes me want to punch the laptop, just a tiny irritating at times. Plus, you can always use a wireless mouse!CD Drive, there is no CD drive. Alas, I cannot watch DVD's or even try to play my Sims. I'll have to buy an external CD drive.I've had it about a week, and I'll hopefully post an update in a few months to see how it's holding up!