What an adventure!
I spent WEEKS looking through pages and pages of various laptop brands meticulously observing the price point and pros and cons of everything. It wasn't until I discovered the ASUS Zenbook UX305FA that my interest was genuinely peaked.So, after screaming "YES!" and "NO!" and punching myself in the face a few times, I pressed the order button and my shiny new Zenbook was on the way! Unfortunately the shipping process was a complete disaster with the laptop remaining in the "Preparing to Ship" phase for a few days although I selected one day shipping. After three days the laptop arrived at my apartment even though it was still in the same shipping phase. :-/ Whatever. I'm here to review this lovely laptop, not the horrendous shipping.First off, the laptop is quite stunning to look at. It's dumb thin and very very light yet still feels very solid and sturdy. The screen is ridiculously sharp with text being ultra crisp and the colors are swell. The screen isn't super bright even with brightness turned all the way up and the speakers are far too quiet even when turned up.Now, I must mention a few problems I encountered when upgrading the Zenbook from Windows 8.1 to Windows 10 because I can't be the only one who encountered the two problems I'm about to discuss.Problem #1Right after setting up Windows 8.1 when first turning on the laptop, I was immediately given the option to do my free Windows 10 upgrade. So I did. After the upgrade, I noticed that the system retained all of the ASUS bloatware that came with the laptop. Whatever. But there was a problem. The Windows Store app wouldn't open. When I clicked on the icon, the app window would open for 2 seconds and then crash - every time. After 2 hours of fruitless Googling, I decided to clean install Windows 10 to fix the problem. This would also remove all the bloatware. Win! Fast forward some more and I'm cruising around my laptop with a functional Windows Store and no bloatware :-DProblem #2But then I looked at my keyboard, specifically at the F2/Airplane Mode key. A little LED light built into the key was shining bright which indicated that Airplane Mode was turned on. BUT GET THIS: IT WASN'T TURNED ON. The light had somehow become inverted after upgrading to Windows 10. Turning Airplane mode off would turn the light on and turning Airplane mode on would turn the light off. Backwards. Ladies and gentlemen, I spent two long days trying to fix this. I flashed the BIOS, I clean installed Windows 10 again, I uninstalled and reinstalled all the drivers, and I prayed to the Lord in Heaven - all to no avail. It was only after I checked out the UX305FA Windows 8.1 driver/software page on the ASUS website did I discover the solution!!! There is a lone driver in the Wireless section that deals specifically with this damned little light and IT FIXED IT!!! So, Zenbook owners, if your F2 light is on even though Airplane mode is turned off, you got a problem that needs some fixing.I must sleep now.